---
title: Got keys to new house
tags: house
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2016-05-28T20:12:47+09:00
---

## 20:12 Saturday 28 May 2016 JST

Today Lin drove us to our new house where we met the real estate guy
and got the keys!  I'm not feeling as excited as I did when we saw it.
I guess this feeling has been described as "buyer's remorse" or maybe
even "cold feet."

We set off some bug killers in the house and headed to イケア to get
furniture and stuff.  Lin wanted to get a big TV stand and shelves to
put downstairs where we won't have a TV, but I encouraged us to move
in and settle a bit before buying it.

I wish I could have done the same for the car she purchased because
now she's like "hmmm I wonder where we'll put the bicycles."

Yeah.  This situation has been described as "stuff owning us" instead
of "we own stuff."

Headed home now (Hamacho in Kawasaki) by way of her aunt's place to
return their car. (We haven't taken posession of the new car yet; I
wonder if we could cancel the purchase????)

- - - -

While at the home shopping megapolis, I dropped Lin's tape measure,
and it's already-cracked case shattered, spewing the spring's energy
and all the coiled metal tape.  I hated to waste it, but I rolled up
the tape, tightening the spring, and gave it to a Megapolis employee
to deal with.  He apparently understood the potential energy bound up,
and hopefully dealt with it safely.

Lin left her tape measure (that we bought for her a few years ago) at
an apartment complex, and the management claims they discarded it.  I
find that hard to believe given how often things are returned in
Japan, plus how nice of a tape measure it was, plus it was in a place
where they regularly need to use tape measures.

Bah.
