---
title: Dancin
tags: 
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2003-01-01
---

<p class=date>11:04am CST Wednesday 1 January 2003</p>

<p>Big time dancin' in the morning after Wave One of cleanup was
complete-ish.  Richard, Laura, Heather and I throwin' down some funky
moves (and by funky I mean wiggidy wack), but the funniest was when I
started doing a variant of the Ants and Cheese dance for about 16
beats and then Laura blurts in a snotty manner, "okay <b>that's</b>
just <em>weird.</em>"  I fell to the floor laughing. (she was joking)</p>

<p>I was alone on the dance floor (created by moving the table over in
the kitchen) to Michael Jackson's <em>Thriller</em> when the music
suddenly stopped.  I kept dancing; I was doing some twisted looking
broken dance as he was talking about the monster getting ahold of you
or something, and I didn't want to let a break in the music to break
my flow, but I certainly wondered why Meg was moved to turn off the
music.</p>

<p>Turns out the power went out, well, the breaker braked without a
doubt. I went outside to turn it on and it broke again while Asha was
on, writing a LJ entry, listening to Freshmen by Vervepipe.  "I hate
when that happens.."</p>

<p>Janette is magically mass producing breakfast for carnivores,
omnivores, vegivores, and vegans simultaneously.  Natalie is sitting
quietly in a chair, eating a tortilla.  Even with all four, five of us
crazy on the dance floor, we couldn't get her up.</p>

<p>Jack is dispensing silliness sometimes jerkily to his friends, but
I know he secretly loves them all.</p>

<p>Sally and Richard (not my Sally, Richard's Sally, and by his Sally
I mean his sister) arrived around 3:30am, but David from Dallas got
them beat by arriving around 7am.</p>

<p>An old traffic cone arrived in the kitchen apparently from the lake
last night.</p>

<p>* me telling the story about how I "forgot Joan's name" when I didn't
recognize her on David Johnston's shoulders at Tulsa and Elizabeth had
been all, "you don't know anyone's name without Bryn!!"</p>

<p>* "You want some milk on your back?" asks Laura as Richard
continued to block her way out of the kitchen.</p>

<p>* David from Irving wearing a Chinese Happy Coat as he and his
peeps had intentions to resume filming their <em>Twenty Minutes of
Kung Fu</em>, the filming of which had been interrupted after 22
seconds when one of the actresses cracked her head open on a column in
the hotel.</p>

<p>* Bryn is online!</p>

###comments

<p><b>Name:</b> aisha

<p>slyd9ido@ *redacted*

<p><b>Quickly:</b> Why did you climb that?

<p><b>Subject:</b> pheww

<p><b>Comment:</b>
<br>reading your journal always makes me smile a lot, and want to cry
a lot.  i come and read it when i miss everyone, and want to feel a
part of things. i guess, i just wanted to say thanks for being such a
swell documentator. have i done that before? perhaps. but just like,
the pictures, and the entries, and the funny, sigh. if i havnt
elaborated enough on the wonder of this tiny world that i want to be
part of.. well then here i am doing it again. i think i especially
miss laura and richard. they made my year last year one ill never
forget. anyways. dont want you thinking im using your journal simply
as a voyeur to the rest of it all. i enjoy reading about your
adventures, and like keeping tabs on you too. i hope i get to see you
in houston. theres this song, and last night, i thought it was a good
song for you. im going home tomorrow. wohoo. <br>
merci <br>

aisha<br>


<p><hr></p>


<p><b>Name:</b> aisha

<p>slyd9ido@ *redacted*

<p><b>Comment:</b>
<br>i mean laura douglas and richard west, when i say laura and
richard. it just occurred to me that might not be who youre talking
about. <br>
ah, well. latergatertaterchristianslater<br>
aisha

<p><hr></p>


<p><b>Name:</b> joey

<p>jojofee@ *redacted*

<p><b>Comment:</b>
<br>david from *irving*
