---
title: AM
tags: 
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2003-01-05
---

<p class=date>8:54am CST Sunday 5 January 2003</p>

<p>Last night we watched the first half of Lord of The Rings on DVD,
using my computer to play it.  Janette joined us part way through, and
went to bed before it was over.  Josephine fell asleep during the
movie.  Sally and I made it through, though I was close to falling
asleep a couple of times.</p>

<p>(Sally here is YRUU Sally, not Sally in Cali)</p>

<p>The movie was pretty good; my favorite character is still Arwen,
though I wasn't as blown away by the scene where she conjured up the
river horses to wash away the wraiths as I was when I saw it in the
theater.  Must be that the screen on my computer is 2 orders of
magnitude smaller than a movie theater screen.  And these speakers are
an inch across.</p>

<p>Sally had come over last night with Tanner and Josephine after they
had dropped off Mikey and Tyler (I think I'm getting this correct).</p>

<p>Last night when Janette, Josephine, and I dropped off Tanner at the
bus station, we waited with him in line (Jack and others had
apparently said this was the grossest bus station in the world, though
Joel said only the one in Amarillo is worse.  I went in barefoot
anyway and found it not all that bad.) while he checked his bag.  It
was so crowded getting to the gates that we just saw him off as we
headed for the exit.</p>

<p>On our way back home we picked up some chinese food from a small
restaurant with good food.</p>
