---
title: Austin
tags: []
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2003-01-07
---

<p class=date>12:09pm CST Tuesday 7 January 2003</p>

<p>Janette said she feels like she's in Heaven.  I looked around and
pretty much had to agree.  Except for Congress Avenue (which I was
facing; she was not), the beautiful sun, mostly clear sky with high
sirrus clouds, Austinites with funky clothes and funky styles,
chickadees trying to eat our crumbs, carefully manicured gravel
porch..  just like heaven.</p>

<p>Funny:  Janette leaned toward the music playing, "is that Jurrasic
Five?"</p>

<p>"I dunno.  I don't listen to 'current popular music.' Kids these
days listening to stuff like 'hip hop,' I mean what is that?  c'mon."</p>

<p class=date>3:47pm</p>

<p>Been hanging out at Fred's.  Saw Bill for a bit but he split after
not too long.  Bill and Janette yammered while Fred showed me his room
and how he used my old shelves well, including working on the paper
clock that Wende got me for Christmas 1996 on the shelf that I used
for my monitor.  Bill left; Fred and I made smoothies while cracking
up telling Janette about our home videos including Pete going
"..Bill!" when Fred asked "big brother, what's your name??"  So
funny!</p>

<p>Fred and Janette yammered while I chatted with Ma about random
stuff and things and whatever.  Good chatting with her, especially
with such optimism about my Japanese adventure.. and that she will
soon have a chance to preach for two weeks or a month in Virgin
Islands, New Zealand, or Australia!  Awesome blossom.</p>

<p>Janette and I dozed on the couch while Fred yammered with the phone
about a transportation conference in Washington.  He's not sure how
he'll afford it or where he'll stay.</p>

<p>Now we're going to see <em>Lord of Rings: Two Towers</em> (second
time for each of us)</p>

<p class=date>11:54pm</p>

<p>Janette and I are back at home in Dallas.  LoR was good.  Yay Liv
Tyler, even though Fred wasn't impressed with her.  Yay funny lines
"You're late."  "Don't tell the Elf."  "We've decided ... you are not
Orcs."</p>

<p>Janette and I chatted about YRUU and travel stories all the way
home.  We might go to Hawaii together in February!</p>

<p>We also stopped at Starbucks in Temple so Janette could get hot
tea.  The cuties behind the counter gave me a free hot chocolate!
Whoohoo!  I tried to get their names, but they sneakily didn't tell
me.</p>

