---
title: Snow!
tags: 
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2003-01-12
---

<p class=date>11:25am CST Sunday 12 January 2003</p>

<p>It's flat *snowing* here in Dallas!  Big huge flakes that I was
actually able to see from bed with my glasses off, and I though "meh,
big rain drops dripping..." but it's <em>snow!</em></p>

<p>It's not reeeally accumulating, but there's about a 1/4 inch on the
grass.  None on the streets or sidewalks; it just melts.  But there's
plenty on Scott.  I'm glad I don't have to drive him today.</p>

<p>I think I'll go ride my bike out in it.  Just to go see the lake
and stuff.</p>

<p>Am I crazy????  Brrrrrr!!!!</p>

<p class=date>2:49pm</p>

<p>I got well-bundled with long johns (couldn't find my long top),
jeans, socks, shoes, long sleeve sweat shirt, hoodie, bicycle gloves,
leather gloves, then headed out.</p>

<p>Snow stingingly in my face if I looked up to see where I was going,
so I rode looking down most of the way, looking forward just enough to
verify safe travels to the lake.</p>

<p>I expected to see almost no one, but found some people on razor
scooters on the way there, and some little kids with parents at the
playground by the lake.  Most things were covered in snow, like a
layer an inch thick.</p>

<p>Kept inadvertantly stalking a woman who was running with her dog.
I'd keep passing her, going someplace random and then back to the
trail just before or after she had gone by.  I hope she didn't feel
stalked.</p>

<p>I rode back behind the waterworks building, and chose not to ride
with Sean's bike on top of the 3 foot wall overlooking the lake.  I
almost rode down the steep hill facing the other direction, but chose
not to.  But I'm closer to doing it than when I first saw this slope.
Saw the dog woman again.</p>

<p>Rode back into the island area that is pretty easily accessible now
that the water is way way lower than it was that night.  It's almost
back to normal levels.  Or maybe this is normal, and it's been lower
than normal before.  Whatever.  About a 1/2 inch is flowing over the
entire spillway.  Saw the dog woman again.</p>

<p>Rode over the walking bridge, out onto a dock thing and made a
design with my wheels in the snow.  Saw the dog woman again.</p>

<p>Headed back home, leaving the dog woman behind.  I'd started to
worry that Sean might want his bike to ride around in the snow.</p>

<p>Just exactly as I rode up to the house, Sean pulled up to the
house.  <em>Perfect</em> timing.  I expressed thanks for his bike and
he was all, "no problem; just throw it in the back of the truck; I'm
coming to pick up my stuff."</p>

<p>Chatted with him a bit as he loaded up a box of stuff to take back
to college today.  He was all, "bye room," as he left his room.</p>

<p>Big hugs and he headed out.</p>
