---
title: Dream
tags: dream
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2003-01-15
---

<p class=date>7:05am CST Wednesday 15 January 2003</p>

<p class=dream>Reading some literature about how Amway has the finest,
most effective sales and marketing plan in the US. How they've got
distribution centers all over the place, in about 20 different states.
How I can make a pile of money in commissions selling, for example,
refrigerators to restaurants, like Jason's restaurant back when he had
a restaurant.</p>

<p class=dream>Walking with my friend Tom from I-group, wearing slacks
and button up shirt, I told him, "I've never tried to sell you on
anything, and I'll never try to sell you on anything again, if you
will just give an honest look at this program."</p>

<p class=dream>We walked to a parking lot near a tennis court, where
Fred's car was waiting.  Drove Fred's car, with the top up, with Tom
and also Robin from my I-group.</p>

<p class=dream>We headed north on FM 249 toward my dad's house, but it
was called 59 South.  I felt confused a bit when this didn't seem to
match up, so we walked a little ways while I made sure we were going
the right way.  We seemed to be, so we got back into the car, and put
the top down,  I tore out of the parking lot, engine all growling its
low roar, zipping down the hill toward the bridge out of Harris
County.</p>

<p class=dream>We were now going south on 249, and a bunch of kids
were walking on the highway, all wearing bathing suits and alternately
chasing, horesplaying, throwing towels, etc.  One towel hit the ground
and was left behind.  Nice big tan fluffy towel, so I told them as we
rolled by slowly so as to not squish any kids.</p>

<p>Tried to go back to sleep, but kept needing to write down the
dream.</p>

