---
title: Work
tags: 
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2003-01-15
---

<p class=date>12:13pm CST Wednesday 15 January 2003</p>

<p>Been at work 3 hours now; eating cold pizza for lunch.  Oksana and
Sergei are in the breakroom speaking in Russian, therefore I can't
understand them.</p>

<p>For my three hours of fun I've been backpainting facades.  Just a
flat gray paint to cover the sometimes multi-colored wood or paint on
the back.</p>

<p>I still remember how to say hello and thank you and goodbye in
Russian.  And "you are a beautiful Russian girl."</p>

<p>Ann is chillin' beside me with her huge "list of things I have to
freak out about <em>today!</em>"  She seems to be pretty helpful in
the shop.  I don't know if she acts as Johnny's brain to keep him from
forgetting stuff or what.</p>

<p class=date>1:30am CST Thursday 16 January 2003</p>

<p>Ug.  Legs are so tired; they just hurt.  Not from huge lifting, but
just from standing and walking and working.  Just got home from almost
finishing an installation at some theater in Dallas.  Ug.</p>

<p>Supposed to be back at work at 8am.  Ug.</p>

<p class=date>2:08am</p>

<p>Janette woke up when I came home; she chatted with me and heated up
some of the alfredo spaghetti they had today.  I wonder if they had
alfredo because I said yesterday that I liked alfredo most of all.
Probably so, knowing Janette and her awesomeness.</p>

<p>Today during work, I climbed up the ladder leading to the top of
the stage area.  emerged from the ladder on the first available level
(above the stage) and walked along the catwalk, which wasn't really a
very convenient catwalk.  It appeared that the catwalk had existed
when the ceiling of the auditorium was installed, but later big red
iron support beams were installed over the ceiling, many of which
severely obstruct the catwalk.  Like right at waist level a bar going
across the walkway.  Not very convenient... but now that I think of
it, a cat would be able to walk right under it without a problem.
Hmmm.</p>

<p>I traversed the catwalk despite the obstacles, and found myself
eventually on the roof of the building.  Climbed a ladder outside to a
taller roof of the building (the actual roof over the auditorium
seatings), but didn't find a way to get onto the even taller roof over
the stage itself.</p>

<p>Back into the catwalk area, I climbed further up the ladder and
found the extensive pulley system for all the curtains on the stage.
It was like they have a ton of pulleys in place just in case they need
a curtain on every imaginable part of the stage.</p>

<p>I didn't want to climb down the ladder; I had been lucky enough to
not be spotted going up the ladder (though Mongu knew I was going up;
I pointed it out to him and he was all, "der you go shun," in his
funny Mongu way) and I thought it would be cooler to find a different
way down.</p>

<p>So, back over the obstacles to the door leading to the roof, but
this time down the stairs at that point.  Ended up in the main
building, but couldn't find any unlocked entrance to the auditorium.
I searched around quite diligently, down a couple flights of stairs,
but ended up having to go outside and around to get back in.</p>

