---
title: dennys
tags: []
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2003-01-19
---

<p class=date>11:49am CST Sunday 19 January 2003</p>

<p>Great horde of people at Denny's as per usual.  I sat with Katie
Lerner, Sally West, Andy Andrews.  We were one of the last tables to
be seated and served, so we got to watch/hear about all the funnness
going on, like when Ed Lerner licked up the precious groovy juice from
the concrete when it spilled outside.  Woah.  Calder and Marta claimed
to have made Fred cry about something, which I seriously doubt, but
they thought it was pretty entertaining.</p>

<p>Afterward, countless precious hugs hugs hugs.  Steve Feinstein got
me the most: "no matter what anyone says, know that you made a
difference."</p>

<p>Wow.  wow wow wow so great to hear.  Beyond great.</p>

<p>Funny to say bye to OKC 15 passenger van by climbing in over all
the seats to hug everyone one by one, starting and ending with Tim
near the front.  Then laughing with Debu as the freshmen were all, "I
don't want to sit here; I want to sit there, blah blah blah" and we
were laughing like, "do they want to go home or what?"  and then
suddenly Tyler climbed out of the van with blood streaming out of his
nose and his teeth coated red with blood.  HAHAHahahaah!!!  Oh my god
what happened??  He was laughing at the hilarity of the situation.  So
he climbed out and it was later decided to put all the freshmen in the
back with the TV (a TV!!!!?????) and all the seniors move forward to
chat with Debbie and Anne.  During that shuffling, I climbed into the
back seat of the van and chilled out there, intending to be all, "oh
hey, I gotta get out!" when they started driving.  Anne saw me before
they rolled out though.  Good plan anyway.</p>

<p>Hand hugs through windows as they left, ran after the van for
several feet to slap 5 on the hands out the back window.</p>

<p>Hugs to Phat Pat, who had been doing a terrorist ninja roll thing
across the parking lot with a black ski mask on; listened to his story
of doing that in a movie theater where he works.</p>

<p>Meg Cusack ran up and gave me a big hug too.  Bright blue hair with
pink underside hair.  She doesn't often give me big hugs; it was nice.
She kinda tweaked my chin like it's been great, maybe see ya maybe
not.</p>

<p>Found anonymous notes and a cool hand made fanfold book on my car,
expressing love for me and thanks.</p>

<p>One more quick trip to pee and I found Tyler's blood on the sink
and floor.</p>

<p>It's been a great six years.  Thank you all so much.  Maybe see ya,
maybe not, but I will always hold you dearly in my heart.</p>

###comments

<p><b>Name:</b> Bart-El-Bee

<p>carbon84@ *redacted*

<p><b>Quickly:</b> Where can I send you money?

<p><b>Subject:</b> Goodbye

<p><b>Comment:</b>
<br>Rob - I really don't know what to say here, I just saw the comment thing and thought "hey, why not?" Fred's poem almost made me cry durring talent show, and reading all that stuff nearly did it again. I feel like I'm back at the bridging cerimony at SWUUSI, and you're only one person! Well, no, that's not right, you're more than one person, you're ROB. What that's an acronym for, I don't know yet, but trust me, it is one. I have little more to say right now; my stream of consciousness seems to be drying out. I'll do everything I can to keep in touch. Much love.<br>
~Bartleby
