---
title: jillians
tags: 
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2003-01-21
---

<p class=date>8:03pm CST Tuesday 21 January 2003</p>

<p>Maggie called at 6:45, fully intending to leave her work by 7pm to
get me and have us go visit Jillian's.  Oh shit I hope she didn't
intend for me to meet her there. I'll call her cellie.</p>

<p class=date>8:07pm</p>

<p>Haha.  Just as I was leaving a message she drove up.  (I was
sitting outside on her driveway)</p>

<p>Pooh.  Mags didn't answer cause she was (still is) on the her
cellie talking to work.  Love and mental hugs to her.  She says it
should have been so easy (what they're working on).  but it's not
working.</p>

<p class=date>11:12pm</p>

<p>Maggie ended up on the phone until a bit after 10pm.  Melanie and I
checked out Jillian's banquet room; talked to the cat who said they
could seat 135 people there (but it would be pretty cramped).  We
scoped some of the games and the left hand Amazon theme token-sucking
ticket dispensing game gave me 80 free tickets over the course of the
evening.  I could just play around with the controller and it gave out
10 tix at a time.  I never figured out a pattern more precisely than
just wait a minute or 3 and ten more tickets would come out when I
messed with the controller.</p>

<p>Got bored, found Maggie still talking outside.  Walked to Red Robin
to munch.  Melanie and I played pog football with the cardboard
coasters and ordered food.  Flipped a pog to figure out what to order
for Maggie.</p>

<p>She came in by the time I was just finishing my veggie burger.  We
chatted and ate and then I just started playing Silent Football and
they played along.  Melanie remembered the rules quite well for not
having played in a really long time.</p>

<p>Left at 11pm when they closed, grabbed 20 more free tickets from
the Amazon snake machine at Jillian's, walked Melanie to her car, rode
home to Maggie's with the top down on her red Mustang.</p>
