---
title: AM
tags: 
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2003-01-22
---

<p class=date>8:54am CST Wednesday 22 January 2003</p>

<p>Trying to coordinate my schedule a bit today.  Gotta do piddly
little stuff like go get replacement blades for my razor; simple stuff,
but it seems so hard to just overcome the inertia of idleness.  I'm
getting better; winding up my engines of metabolism? adrenaline?</p>

<p>Then take a shower and then find my silly phone.  How ironic that
just as I decide to get an external battery charger and start using it
again, I can't seem to find it.  I have a specific memory of listening
to messages and then flopping it down next to the lamp near the couch
where I was sleeping. That was two nights ago.  I Don't remember
seeing it again.  I've lifted the couch and chair and find nothing...
And it's not like 500 people are running around Maggie's house moving
things around.  It's just me and Maggie.  Mostly just me cause she's
been at work 15 hours per day.</p>

<p>Called Kristen and her schedule is undefined quite yet; I was going
to help her move, which I forgot when I told Erika yesterday that I'd
go to PT! with her today, but then I cancelled with Erika when I
remembered needing to help Kristen move.  Kristen said I should just
uncancel with Erika, and we'll see what happens.</p>

<p>Erika's not home; she may already be moving toward her "it's not an
interview; it's a chat" "cool; well you just tell her the way it is."
thing today; I'll roll down to my old Kinko's near my old work and
then maybe be able to meet up with her at our previously scheduled
time anyway.</p>

<p>But first, gotta get replacement razors!</p>

<p class=date>10:30am</p>

<p>I'm at my old Kinko's now.  Drove down 59 where all the
construction had been.  It's not finished yet, but I don't see any
signs that they are tearing up the entire freeway again as Andrea
indicated they had to do.</p>

<p>The houses along the lots between Farnham(?) and 59 feeder have all
been torn down.  Probably townhouses will be there in a couple years.</p>

<p>There's a new Mission Burritos open at Durham and I-10 (on the
south side of 10).  $1 off burrito with coupon.</p>

###comments

<p><b>Name:</b> tinap

<p>orbandprincess@ *redacted* 

<p><b>Subject:</b> nothing much

<p><b>Comment:</b>
<br>yeah, so hunter and i went by pt  and you hadnt stoped by at all...the girl, dont rem. her name... seemed a bit fustrated bec. she was all..i havent seen him in months and he NEVER told me he was comming by. <br>
<br>
i felt a bit uncomfortable so hunter and i left and went shopping!!!<br>
<br>
its cold here at school.  very cold.  as i am sure you know too.<br>
<br>
other people need the computer more than i....<br>
<br>
so seeya<br>
-tinap-
