---
title: molly and wills
tags: []
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2003-01-23
---

<p class=date>6:02pm CST Thursday 23 January 2003</p>

<p>Maggie is home on time and it seems like early considering her last
couple of arrival times.  We're going to Molly and Will's for dinner
tonight.  Mmmmmmmm dinner.</p>

<p class=date>8:34pm</p>

<p>Dinner was pork ribs and salad and lemon butter noodles.  Anna (the
16 month human) provided entertainment, Scout (the speedy dog)
provided occasional music.</p>

<p>Will showed us his resume' and told us interesting things he had
learned in a job-getting class.  Like networking is more effective
than a resume' because 80% of jobs are being designed and get filled
before they are advertised, and 20% actually get advertised.  While
20% of people are networking to get their share of 80% of the jobs,
80% of the people toss resumes into a pile to get 20% of the jobs.</p>

<p>I tried to get Scout to slide down the Little Tykes slide, but she
wouldn't go down on it.  Bad dog.  hahahahaahaha</p>

<p>Maggie took me to Colonel Mustard's Frozen Custards for dessert.
Actually it's called Connie's Custards or something.  My name is way
funnier though.</p>

<p>I ordered M&Ms and bananas.  Maggie got a butterscotch blend.  Good
stuff.  Thanks to Maggie for buying.  :-)</p>

<p>Maggie and I are giggling over stories and (her) ice cream now,
like the time after our gang watched <em>Silence of the Lambs</em> and
then Maggie was feeding herself, John, Christine and I bites of cake
off one fork.  I would always politely decline a bite after John had
one, and it took Maggie about 2 bites to catch on to my ploy.  She and
I were giggling then and (we believe) neither Christine nor John
caught on.  They were all like, "whatever.. those weirdos."</p>
