---
title: Phone
tags: 
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2003-01-23
---

<p class=date>11:05am CST Thursday 23 January 2003</p>

<p>Can't find my cellphone, but I called (with Maggie's landline)
Cingular who said that I'm "eligible for an upgrade" which I
translated to mean "encouraged to pay them money."  She said I could
just roll into a store and get the "latest" Motorola 311c (?) for $49
with a $50 rebate.  3 to 6 weeks for the rebate check.  Aight.  I'll
do that so I can have a phone for two more months.</p>

<p>Going now to get my phone.  Pooh that I've lost Rie's phone number
by losing my old phone.</p>

<p>My expectation is that the Motorola whatchamadoodle will be a flip
phone, and I hate those, but I can deal for 2 months with it.  Plus if
it's "free" then fine.</p>

<p class=date>11:32am</p>

<p>I'm closing my Cingluar account.  I rolled into a store and he was
all, "who's Wende?" cause her name is the primary on the account and
"she has to be here" etc etc etc and I left and came back, "okay, I'm
about to call customer service and be really mad, so I'm giving you a
second chance" and he said it was company policy and all that
runaround and whatever.</p>

<p>The long sad story is that we used to have separate accounts, but
when we moved in together, we thought it was silly they were sending
us two different bills (wasting paper and all that) so we had them
merged.  Once we split, we were never able to get the accounts split
without starting a new contract, which I was not willing to do after I
had been a customer with them for a year+ already.  I explained this
to the guy and he was unimpressed.</p>

<p>So, back at Maggie's I just called Crystal and she said Wende has
to call them.</p>

<p>For the record, I didn't yell at her.</p>

<pre>
To: Wende
Subj: cingular

HI Bear

I called them to close the account but they want to talk to you.

Please call them at 800-331-0500, say HI to the cute voice (Cingular's
only redeeming quality) and enter 1 then your information (phone #
then zipcode).  Once she tells you your current minutes, press 1 to
continue, then 3 then 2 to get discuss closing the account.

I would certainly do this for you if they'd let me.  I hope they turn
off the correct phone number.  They can verify this by noting it's the
one with a credit balance of $0.02 cents and that it's been suspended
(though they are still charging me for the service, which, of course,
I am not, at this time (and won't ever (unless some really good reason
comes up) be), willing to pay) because the phone is lost.

I hope and trust this causes you no hardships.  I hope and trust you
can decipher that sentence.

Thank you so much.

	With Love
	- Rob!
</pre>

<p>I think I'll write to them and explain why they are losing a
customer.</p>

<p class=date>12:05pm</p>

<p>I just called my number and it says it's temporarily suspended.  I
could call back, tell them the phone is found, have the message be
changed..  but that would make it all the more confused and I'm just
over it.</p>
