---
title: Josephine meet Scott
tags: 
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2003-01-26
---

<p class=date>5:50pm CST Sunday 26 January 2003</p>

<p>Josephine has just arrived home from the SDC? this weekend.  After
she ate a piece of pie, she and I are going to the lake so she can
learn how to drive Scott.</p>

<p>I'm excited, and release the outcome to the universe.</p>

<p>Hahaha you Superbowl watching city!  No one will be by the lake to
bug us!</p>

<p class=date>7:44pm</p>

<p>Josephine did great driving.  I drove us to where the weird boat
dock things are at that park, explained what the transmission does,
and how the engine, clutch, transmission, gear shift, wheels are all
connected.  Used the technique that Fred suggested for learning how to
teach someone how to drive a standard: don't fuck with the gas pedal,
but just put the car in first and slowly let the foot off the clutch
and find that magic point where it begins to roll forward.  Once the
left foot knows where that point is, begin to use the gas as well.
That teaching technique worked quite well (Thanks, Fred!) and
Josephine was driving like a slow Mario Andretti in no time.  She even
got started from stopped on a hill!  Most excellent!</p>

<p>She drove around that little loop thing a few times and then she
drove along the lake, all the way under Mockingbird, and then did a
U-turn before we got to the next big intersection.  She made good time
on the way back, getting used to 3rd gear a few times.  Once we made
it all the way back past the park area, and to the stop sign just past
the old railroad tracks that go over the street, we switched drivers
and I brought us home, mostly telling her verbally what my feet were
doing as I clutched, shifted, braked, gassed.</p>

