---
title: Go
tags: 
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2003-01-28
---

<p class=date>11:18am CST Tuesday 28 January 2003</p>

<p>I've emptied, refilled, started the dishwasher.  Read but not
replied to emails.  I'm going to look for a hub so Janette can have
multiple computers online at once when people (me) have laptops
here.</p>

<p class=date>11:47am</p>

<p>Found what I need at Radio Shack, but forgot my wallet.  Back at
home now; just got my wallet.  Okay, go.</p>

<p class=date>12:21pm</p>

<p>Yahoo!  It works.  I'm impressed that it does work.  Janette's
computer is configured the same way it has been - to use PPPoE to
connect to her DSL provider with username and password.  My computer
is now connecting using DHCP, whereas it used to have to use the
username and password.  I don't know how the hub is so smart to let
one computer's username and password....... hmm I have an idea.  Maybe
the DSL provider just gets a username and password from anywhere and
then lets the rest of the data traffic flow, no matter where it wants
to go.  Sounds good to me.</p>

<p class=date>2:43pm</p>

<p>The kittens (Joel, Kate, Jack) rolled out to meet Josephine for
lunch.  She called about 1/2 an hour ago and hadn't seen them.  They
apparently got lost.  I got directions from her and will pick her up
at 3:45.</p>

<p>I've cleaned out Scott, got most of the shit thrown away or
recycled or integrated with the house here.</p>

<p>Been listening to Eminem pretty loudly on Janette's stereo.</p>

###comments

<p><b>Comment:</b>
<br>hey that's all very interesting.  can we fuck now?
