---
title: Today
tags: []
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2003-01-30
---

<p class=date>11:11pm CST Thursday 30 January 2003</p>

<p>I basically got through my list of things to do today.  It's a list
that's been chillin' on my computer for quite a while.  I'm really
glad to have gotten it all done.  The weird thing is that I don't feel
really accomplished though because it didn't seem like I did all that
much.  Except for the fact that I've been on my computer almost all
day.</p>

<p>Except for chatting with Kate and Jack just before noon on the
futon in Sean's room for a while, and eating, and throwing banana
peels into the back yard, hoping they'd get stuck on the wire, talking
to Sally (West) (not Sally on the west side), and listening to Ben
Fold Five and Ben Folds Live with Jack and Kate.  And hugging Matt
when he came to pick up Kate.  They should be in Austin soon.</p>

<p>Anyway, I got my address book entries moved to my website, using
the shareware <a href="https://www.tesol.net/scripts/AddrBook/">address
book here</a>.  It's not fantastic, but it's really good for a freely
downloadable thing.  I'll probably pay her a few dollars for it.  I
put the addressbook on my website so that I can lose my computer and
not lose the addresses.</p>

<p>- - - -</p>

<p><img src="/images/front/wtf_on.gif" align="left">And the very last
thing I worked on today was to be my new FAQ, but in my case I'm
calling it a WTF.  However, I had originally intended to just make it
hardcoded, considering the answers won't change very often.  However,
however, I just realized that if I'm to move my site forward to the
uber plan I have for it, where every page has consistent navigation at
the top, the way journal.pl does now, I can't hardcode the pages.</p>

<p>That means that I've got to write some script that will just
display my WTF pages, which might be a bit complicated considering I'd
like them to 'branch out' in various ways.  I gotta sketch them out
before I can figure out wtf I'm talking about though.  Sigh.</p>

<p>Aight.  Bedtime.  In 25 minutes I'll be 12,000 days old.  Actually
I turned 12,000 days old 35 minutes ago cause I was born in EST.  Give
or take an hour for daylight savings.  Too tired to care.</p>

<p>Tomorrow will be a funtastic time; I'm really looking forward to my
party.  I'm so so thankful to Maggie for dealing with all the details,
the RSVP list, the catering, the securing a room, getting a book for
everyone to sign...  I've decided that I will maintain this book in a
way similar to how I did my handwritten journals, allowing people to
sign them at various events, like a quasi scrapbook/memorybook thing.
Anyway, I'll keep this book and bring it to my 12,500 day party on
Monday 14 June 2004 and 13,000 day party on Thursday 27 October 2005,
etc.  Fun Fun fun stuff!!</p>

<p>Oh, and thanks to Mark Leonard who found a cooler <a
href="https://www.timeanddate.com/date/duration.html">days old
calculation</a> site than what I've written.</p>

