---
title: San Antonio by Annie Bricker
tags: YRUU
author: Annie Bricker
date: 1998-11-02
---

<p>1998 San Antonio rally review by Annie Bricker

<hr>

<p><pre>

Damn, over a hundred people going to your average rally and not one of 
them has written a review since OKC 98.  That's terrible people!  
anyway, got back from the San An Rally yesterday so I am going to write 
about it before the memories begin to fade.  And yes, contrary to 
popular belief, i do more at rallies than just stay with Nick Carter.  
The trip to San An was alright, if not long.  We stopped at a McDonalds 
on the way where i saw Eryn Pope order the first vegetarian 
cheese-burger i have ever seen.  Amazingly enough the cashier didn't 
give any strange looks or anything.  We drove through San Marcos Texas 
for some reason along the way although i am almost positive that it is 
really really not on the way from OKC to San Antonio.  We were softly 
serenaded by the melodious rhythms of SCOTT....(hey you, fuck you).  And 
speaking of scotts, where was Scotty H. and for that matter Paul M.?  
Anyway, we got there and piled out of the van (of course i jumped out 
and on to those really fucking hard rocks in the parking lot of the San 
An church) and did our various registration things.  Which, by the way, 
included getting your name written on your arm in red marker, something 
which, i thought, was a really good idea, so if you have forgotten 
someone's name since the last time you saw them and you don't want to 
make a complete ass of yourself, you can just quickly glance down at 
their arm. So Jo-Jo registered us and someone i forgot whom (sorry to 
that person/people) took our individual pictures with this really cool 
looking digital camera and we got our t-shirts.  which were pretty cool 
with all the shrooms and the slug with the hook.  So, we had come a bit 
late, but just in time for opening circle.  And damn, i remember being 
there, but all i can remember is that they announced the touch groups 
and i forgot whose i was in and had to go searching around for the 
group.  I finally found them by the trees in the play ground.  We didn't 
do any of the touch group games, cause hell, lets be honest, there are 
better things to at a rally than play a game called "Knock Your Socks 
Off" with a group of mostly barefooted people.  Lauren told us that our 
jobs were lunch clean up and bathroom clean up (sounds great huh,) and 
then we slowly dissipated into the collective smoke break group forming 
by the basket ball courts.  Around 4 am i found my self laying in a pile 
of Christina, Dane, John and some other people.  All this was well and 
good, however, now that i have slept a bit, i don't really remember how 
I got there.  Anyway, at this point some people decided to take the big 
metal bar dome type thing whose name i don%27t know, and put it over 
Eric.  this happened (with a bit of stepping over sean) and about ten 
people climbed on top so when eric woke up he was surrounded by a dome 
of people.  Rob was ready with the camera when Eric woke up with a 
bewildered "What the fuck" kind of look on his face.  There was pancakes 
and sausage for breakfast that i skipped for some reason, though i 
don%27t recall why.  I laid in the grass and listened to Lauren M play 
the guitar, I listened to Evan, well, talk and watched a basketball 
game.  Smoke breaks came and went.  Nick and i found the rally book and 
he drew in it and then wrote the rules for the game that is more complex 
than Silent Football that he and i invented called "I Once Saw this 
Woman on Jerry Springer..."  for rules, check out the gray rally book.  
The mandatory smoke workshop came, even though the guy who was supposed 
to talk to us from the Cancer Society didn't.  I thought it worked out 
for the better though, cause wouldn't you rather talk to people you know 
about smoking than have some guy you have never met come tell you stuff 
that you have heard before and will hear again in any highschool health 
class you ever attend?  Anyway, that went okay and then a miracle 
occurred: I found an empty couch on which to sleep!  I was only meaning 
to sleep for a short period of time but when i woke up and asked someone 
what time it was I realized i had been asleep for 5 hours.  So, sorry, 
Bryan, i really did mean to go to your workshop.  So i woke up and went 
to the playground and listened to more guitar.  then lauren announced 
that her dream workshop was about to start and i went to that.  It was 
pretty cool, the books and stuff and Lauren did a great job.  At some 
point after that i went into the Fellowship room and read some of 
someone's poetry and realize "oh shit, they are playing Michael Jackson, 
someone change it quick".  then dinner....and DAMN! that vegetarian 
lasagne was good.  Had some really watered down lemonade, but that was 
alright.  then a touch group meeting was announced and we all met, then 
realised it was really a touch group leader meeting and not really a 
touch group meeting.  But that was alright.  i danced a bit with Bryn to 
some really odd sounding R&B music and then washed my hair in a sink 
(yay for short hair, you can wash it anywhere!)  Damn, I am babbling, i 
will get to the interesting parts.  worship.  it was pretty damn cool 
with everybody hugging everybody, and there are some good huggers out 
there, you know who you are, and lauren on the guitar.  Talent show, 
damn was that funny.  Even though Kris broke a guitar.  Andrew juggled, 
Rob was "made-up pretty", Rob and Nick ate boxes of Nerds, Bryan read 
poetry (M-U-R-D-E-R-amen to that) Robert played the piano, many people 
played the guitar, a story was told, and i think i fell asleep for 
parts, but a generally managed to stay kind of conscious.  We began to 
be swept away by hurricane-like weather so i ended up sleeping inside by 
the kitchen.   It was still raining in the morning so we didn't get to 
burn the shroom like we were going to but hell, it is all metaphorical 
anyway.  Breakfast was doughnuts, how familiar:)  i finally got to write 
in the rally book, and read Bryns thing about 'non-sleep' vs sleep.  
closing circle,  the beaver song, the walrus song (really, a beaver is 
not a sea faring animal like a walrus is, it was just a funny intro) the 
banana song, senior circle (bish kinda got messed up but it worked) and 
the yackty yaks and mug books were given out (btw, that camera has some 
fucking good quality) and then we all had to leave.  the ride home was 
alright, but crowded as shit.  And there you have it, a really long 
winded rally review.  and you can do one too.  really, it is easy.  i 
didn't even break a nail.
</pre>


<p>
