---
title: San Antonio by Nancy Deardorff
tags: [ "YRUU" ]
author: Nancy Deardorff
date: 1998-11-02
---

<p>1998 San Antonio rally review by Nancy Deardorff

<hr>

<p><pre>

so i got inspired

leaving school on friday was a pain in the ass, but katie and danny k and
i got through it. (don't get confused, danny k was just visiting, he
doesn't go to my school) there was some craziness getting everyone
together and into the van, but we(me, katie carson, danny k, ian coward,
and matt luria, and me momma) finally left tulsa at about 4:00 in the
nippy grayness of afternoon. we got a little lost, and someone who will
go unnamed kept making references to the idea that i was a really bad
navigator, which made me really mad mad mad, but then there was almost
constant silliness with me and katie and ian and danny k, so it all
evened out. so.......we got to the rally at about 3:30 and got ourselves
registered. i got hugs from all sorts of crazy loved peoples, poking a
more than a few in the eye with my wings in the process.heehe. my memory
is failing me............oh! this is making me mad!! oh- when i first got
there maia handed me this really neat book of stuff that she made. it was
really cool. and jeremy loomis-norris was there in his suave outfit bein'
all scary and suave.then later nathan ryan and katie carson and i were
gonna watch the sunrise but something happened and we didn't, i think we
went inside because katie was cold. and then it was saturday morning and
i was outside with the smokers and i was on my way to brush my teeth, but
ben atkinson got me all sidetracked with this really scary little cap gun
thing. i finally escaped :) and got my teeth brushed (which is so much
harder to do at a rally than it should be) and went to do the breakfast
thing. i had some good pancakes and some cooked pig. mmmm.......yum! and
some really wacky sunny d that was like mucus, so i didn't drink it.
hhhmmmmm........more...more...more.....look! mush for you! i remember
sitting somewhere kinda by myself and being really happy 'cause this was
my third san an and i have grown so much since then and rallies have made
all the diference in the world. yeah. oh- jeremy made me listen to this
band guster that i really liked and so i was doing some nancy dancing
with jeremy and that was good. and lunch happened somewhere in there and
it was the usual nasty sandwiches and chips that i really wish someone
would break the cycle of (hint hint). and i sat at a table and listened
to some people, i remember nathan ryan and elizabeth severance but
everyone else is kinda blurry, and people were being funny and i laughed.
there was more fun and love and silliness in this space here. and then
there was dinner and i joined a new "club".heehe. and somewhere before
that ben atkinson wrestled me to the ground and phuufed me for the first
time!! i was soo mad. i was planning on maintaining my non-phuufed status
for at least another year, at least. and at worship we did a hug circle,
and people were talking and laughing and i thought that was so much
better than those hug circles we do sometimes that you can't really talk
or giggle at because we're being "spiritual" (i think this
spiritual=quiet and contemplative is a crock of shit-excuse my
french-cause you can be very spiritual laughing until your tummy hurts)oh
well. hmmm....more........the talent show was kinda scary but
interesting.steve sang rocky raccoon, which i love cause it has my name
in it :). and there was this one part with rob and my mom and make-up,
and that was scary, because within the course of it my mother was rubbing
on rob's chest, and man, that's just plain bad weird. (sorry rob, it was
my mother. ahhh!!! )and then aaron and kris did their usual oh so cute
round of songs, this time complete with "dancing". i don't think you get
cuter than that. and lauren dodski and ellen smith sang american pie and
it made me all happy and sad and it was wonderful. and a while after that
i went to sleep. alone. in a cold room. woke up 40 min. later and found a
blanket and a pillow(someone was using my pillow and sleeping bag) and
fell asleep in the sanctuary. next thing i know shirah's waking me up and
there's clean up (how that sanctuary got clean was purely a miracle) and
donuts and closing circle and that happy sadness you get on the sunday
morn of a rally. and then there were many hugs and we got in the van and
went home. or at least back to tulsa. :)

love and cuteness and hugs for all of you
nancy deardorff
</pre>


<p>
