---
title: WhatHappened
tags: 
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2000-11-30
---

<p class=date>Thu, 30 Nov 2000 15:41:09 -0600

<pre>
   From: Kristin
  Subject:
       what happened in the station this morning


this morning i went to my 7-9 shift, excessively
tired, but dragging
myself out of bed at the ungodly hour of 6:45 because
i was excited 
like i
usually am about going to my ktru shift.  the shift
was fine for the 
first
hour.  i remember at exactly 7:57, i got on the air
and announced, this 
is
91.7 fm ktru Houston, and i'll be here for another
hour and three
minutes: how could i have known how wrong I would be. 
I was there for
exactly three more minutes because in the middle of a
miles davis 
request
the station suddenly turned to static.  i sat there
completely stumped.  
i
thought perhaps he had gone into more experimental
stuff, or maybe i 
had
broken the entire station.  I came to the conclusion
after about a 
minute
or two that i had somehow broken ktru, and i reached
to pull down the
yellow instructional book in search of what the heck
you do if you 
break
the station.  At the moment i was reaching for the
book, i see none 
other
than Hutch and Camacho both well dressed, and alert
for 8 am headed my
way.  I thought perhaps i was in huge trouble with the
university for
breaking the staion, but in the back of my mind i
knew, this was it, i 
had
heard all the things about the university taking over
the station but
somehow this was real, here live in person they were
going to 
physically
come take the station.  Mind you, i am just this kid
sitting there 
behind
the dials, staring up bewildered at them.  It somehow
must have seemed
necessary to send both of them, in case perhaps they
needed to use 
force
to remove me from the station.  When they entered they
didn't say
anything. I looked at them bewildered, wondering why
they knew the 
code,
wondering what was happening, i muttered something
about i didn't know
what i had done.  this is  when they told me that it
wasn't me, it was
them first i felt relief, then confusion, then anger. 
how could they 
do
this, this was my shift. the phone kept ringing and
ringing but i 
couldn't
answer it, they told me not to answer it, i didn't
have enough
information, mind you i was given no information
whatever.  i felt 
really
powerless at this moment.  i asked them if i could put
back the music 
and
like the kind gentlemen they are, they allowed me to
return the cds to
their proper places, before escorting me out of the
station. so many
things flew through my head.  i remember saying that i
didnt' really 
know
what was going on with the whole administration, ktru
thing, that i was 
so
confused, hutch said something to the effect of "i
know, you just want 
to
play music".

 and i did but i couldn't

so sadly i left ktru not knowing the implications, the
gravity of the
situation, so that's what happened from inside the
walls of ktru at 8 
am
this morning

kristin
</pre>

