---
title: concert
tags: 
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2003-02-02
---

<p class=date>10:01pm CST Sunday 2 February 2003</p>

<p>Just attended a folk concert featuring Charlie someone and Karen
Branbow or something.  Karen had an awesome a capella in Spanish where
each stanza was sung at one higher note; I forgot to ask her if she
went up 1/2 steps or full steps like I would really know what that
meant if I had the answer.</p>

<p>The anti war songs were real heartstring tuggers, like the one
where the singer had to go to war and did it so his kid wouldn't have
to fight and he ended up killing in hand to hand battle a 17 year old
or so and then had to quit because that kid was someone else's kid.
Lemme tell ya the song was way more poetic.</p>

<p>And then the one about our government's fucked up patriot act by
which they are imprisoning people without cause, except it was based
on the internet image of Bert (of Bert and Ernie) standing with Osama
bin Laden, so they sang about the government shutting down PBS and
arresting any friends of Bert, starting with Ernie.</p>

<p>And the song about the other thing that I really liked but can't
remember what it is.  Ah well.</p>

<p>- - - -</p>

<p>I got to meet Gabrielle (sp), Eric (sp), and Bruce (probably not
sp), who were homies through concerts that Bruce hosts at his
apartment.  They met Theresa that way and she invited them here to
this concert that she set up.  They seemed like cool cats, though I
didn't get to talk to them much.</p>

<p>I signed some with Kristin, who can speak well though she is
apparently hearing impaired.  I gave her Chuck's email address and my
email address.  Oh, and when I stumbled through signing that I was
going to Japan to teach English, she immediately grabbed her parents
to have me tell them because her mom is interested in doing the same,
I think, though the dad was doing most of the talking about it.</p>

<p>They had an adventure in Russia a couple years ago, which is cool
cause Russia might be where I go after Japan.</p>

<p class=date>10:10pm</p>

<p>Going to Mag's now.</p>
