---
title: PM skate
tags: 
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2003-02-03
---

<p class=date>1:36pm CST Monday 3 February 2003</p>

<p>Just skated some around downtown; my last skate there for a while
maybe.  Parked Scott on Allen Parkway then rolled into the city,
inches from an SUV type as he crossed in front of me merging onto
Allen Parkway proper.</p>

<p>Skated past the back side of Bayou Place, then rolled around the
new improved Jones Plaza under the watchful eye of some security
guards chillin' at a table.  OH!  But there were some cats playing
<em>chess</em> on a big chess board built into the sidewalk with
pieces about 3 feet tall.  So cool!  I wonder if I would need to make
a brain shift to play on a bigger board, which would necessarily
change my visual perspective of the game.</p>

<p>New building being built with a round face 1/2 block wide across
from Jones Hall and Houston Chronicle building.  Marble facing and
lots of windows.  I couldn't tell what it will be but it seemed more
like office space than lofts.</p>

<p>Down past Spy, the club where Kristen and Catherine and Katharine
would sometimes hang out until it was closed down recently.  D'oh!
Then was about to bust across the street jayskating style when I saw a
cop and put the quick brakes on and lept to the middle of the
intersection, crossing the street the direction I was allowed to
skate.  Then snuck across the middle of the intersection when I had
the green light.  It's a weird intersection between Spy and
Spaghetting Warehouse, facing toward UH Downtown.</p>

<p>Down to UHD, then up the steps then through the school to get a
drink and then down Main Street which was actually blocked off for
construction purposes as they are still working on the rail line to go
past there.  Oh that reminds me I didn't skate toward south downtown
to see the new rail lines being put in.  I've seen 'em before
though.</p>

<p>The parking lot in which we used to skate looks like it's being
converted to a parking garage.  Definitely good news for jurors; it's
the one right next to the courthouse where parking is a pain in the
ass when being summoned for duty.</p>

<p>Oh shit I gotta go.</p>

<p>Aight fast: um, I saw the NEW AQUARIUM!  And the coolest thing was
seeing Mary visualizing a new sidewalk between um,.. oh the Wortham
Center across to the Aquarium, designed to get pedestrians across the
bayou, more easily connecting Bayou Palace, Wortham Center, & the
Aquarium.  So when I see that sidewalk built after a couple years from
now, I'll know I was there at its inception.. before anyone even knew
where the sidewalk would begin or (depending on which way one walks)
where the sidewalk ends.</p>

<p>Gotta go see Rie now.</p>
