---
title: College Station work
tags: 
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2003-02-06
---

<p class=date>9:17am CST Thursday 6 February 2003</p>

<p>At 6:00 Janette and I were supposed to leave with Charity to work
in Bryan, installing decorations in a restaurant (this would be my
first time to join them for such an adventure).  A bit after 6:15,
Charity still had not arrived at the house to pick us up.</p>

<p>"If I begin reading [Stranger in a Strange Land] she'll probably
come."  Janette agreed.  I read less than one line of text and Charity
knocked on the door.</p>

<p>- - - -</p>

<p>We've been driving for a while.  My setup in the back consists of
an old desk chair, not attached to the floor of the van, and certainly
no seatbelt, so I elected to lay down and sleep most of the way here.
They thought I looked quite cute when they stopped to pee: "oh, look
at Rob; should we just let him sleep?"</p>

<p>I wasn't zonked out sleepin'.</p>

<p class=date>5:58pm</p>

<p>Done.  Headed back home now.  Same family owns Rudy's, Ozona, and
Johnny Carino's all in a row on some street in College Station.  I put
up a bunch of license plates.  Check this out: there were a bunch of
plates, all in order like JPL268 through JPL285.  I put a bunch up in
a row, all in order *except* I put the JPL274 and JPL270 first.  1974
and 1970 are when Fred and I were born, respectively.  So if you visit
the new Ozona in College Station (they plan to open in February), find
those license plates all in a row.  They're in a big room that leads
toward the restrooms.</p>

<p>Also, I put up the randomized license plates in the back room.
Three plates are ZAPPY, two from 1975 and one from 1976 or something
like that.  Snoop over toward the left hand side of the room and look
up toward the ceiling and see on the third rafter, facing the wall
where not many people will see it, I put another license plate.
Nothing special about it except its relatively good condition and its
hiding place.</p>

<p>I hung the longhorn and pointed its horns down to mock UT.  Er, I
mean tu.  Oh, and I put the signs and saddle on the corrugated roof
over the door to the restrooms.  And I put the 1951 map of Texas above
the entry to the back room with randomized license plates.  (1951: not
even 610 loop around Houston!)</p>

<p>And the funniest:</p>

<pre>
                   PLEASE DO NOT FLUSH TOILET 
                   WHILE TRAIN IS IN STATION
</pre>

<p>beside the men's restroom door, visible only when leaving the
restroom.</p>

<p>Oh, and I hung the good luck horseshoe above the arched entrance
visible as one enters the restaurant.</p>

