---
title: Austin to San Francisco
tags: 
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2003-02-08
---

<p class=date>8:39am CST Saturday 8 February 2003</p>

<p>We're in Austin airport now.  I got a banana through security
without it being checked.  That and my hat.  This is the new TSA
(Transportation Security Administration), and they didn't seem to have
their shit together, lined up ducks, nor a smooth operation.</p>

<p>I had a banana (a real banana, not a gun banana (well, actually
it's a telephone banana)) wrapped in my gilligan hat in the handwarmer
of my hoodie.  I walked through the gate and got beeped (presumably
from the change in my pocket).  The beep now means that I have to get
checked manually, not that I just have to take out more stuff and go
through the gate again.  They had me sit over to the side and gave me
my plastic 'bucket' of stuff which had already gone through the
X-rayer.  After I got beeped, I put my hat and banana into the
bucket.</p>

<p>When the guy checked me, the bucket was not checked again.  A
possible solution is to not give the passenger access to the bucket
until they (and all their hats and bananas) have been checked.  I
wondered about saying some polite variation of "haha! I got a banana
through without it being checked, you not-so-secure TSA suckers!!!"
and chose not to.  I might write them, but I know I won't.  Maybe they
search all internet sites for language about TSA.</p>

<p>Interesting place for the government to check is all of Google's
files.  It's all public information; I wonder what it would take to
scan it all for certain language.</p>

<p>HOLY SHIT! I HAVE WIRELESS ACCESS IN THE AIRPORT!!!!!</p>

<p>Oh, nevermind; it's not free.</p>

<p class=date>9:27am</p>

<p>Hahah the pilot of the plane facing us in the window opened the
windshield and was adjusting or cleaning something on another window.
Janette noticed him and I jumped up, "get back into the plane, sir;
please take your seat!"</p>

<p class=date>9:29am</p>

<p>sigh.  nevermind.</p>

<p>Okay.  kinda watching the news, but mostly dancing around not like
a Rob's crazy dance, but a little knee wigglin' shoulder groovin' with
some beat box on top.  ANYWAY, the news was featuring a woman who
raises cacti (shit is it cactii or cacti?) in the area.  And spent 30
seconds showing/listening to her tale of how she learned to use a
paintbrush to remove leaves from inside the cactus so she wouldn't get
stuck with cactus needles.</p>

<p>I'm all, "monkeys invented tools like that.  ya gotta feature this
on the news?"</p>

<p>Then I'm all, "maybe this is better than a news story of how a guy
killed someones mom, dad, seven brothers and seven sisters."</p>

<p class=date>1:29pm CST Saturday 8 February 2003</p>

<p>On the descent now to San Diego.  Clouds and then sleeping kept me
from seeing out the window until we got to some pretty fly mountain
ranges.  I always enjoy watching from flying.  Coolest was a jet going
under us opposite direction FAST.</p>

<p>Saddest was just the scars of highways across the natural beauty of
mountain and desert terrain.</p>

<p class=date>11:46am PST Saturday 8 February 2003</p>

<p>Switched to PST.  We're chillin' on the plane and will switch to
the other side so my neck can get untwisted for the flight to
Oakland.</p>

<p class=date>12:51pm PST Saturday 8 February 2003</p>

<p>Above middle California now.  Flying over mountains.  I enjoy
wondering about the ocean though.  I can see where the water is
apparently flat with no or very few (or very little) waves.  Sometimes
this seems to be the result of a boat going by, leaving a flat area of
water.  But sometimes the areas are huge and or really wiggly.  Is
that from a really big boat having passed by some time ago (no boat in
sight)?  Or does the wind just stop there or run one way on one side
of the flat and the other way on the other side of the flat part?</p>

<p>Oooooh special thanks to the steward who gave me a full can of OJ
instead of a dinky cup with OJ but mostly ice.</p>

<p class=date>2:50pm PST Saturday 8 February 2003</p>

<p>Oops.  Someone left Janette's suitcase on the bus.  He just split
back to the airport while we were trying to figure out how to get
tickets to take BART to Colma station to take another bus to get to
SFO.  Janette is inquiring about the suitcase with the next next
driver.  Twenty minutes until suitcase comes back.  Nice.</p>

<p class=date>4:34pm PST Saturday 8 February 2003</p>

<p>San Francisco airport now.  We'll be meeting Janette's friend Reene
(sp) soon.  She's checked in, but we haven't found her yet.  Our
flight leaves at 6pm.</p>
