---
title: hostels
tags: 
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2003-02-08
---

<p class=date>11:17pm HST Saturday 8 February 2003</p>

<p>The hostel where Janette intended to make a reservation didn't have
a room reserved for her, so we walked toward the beach, asked an old
man with a funny cackling laugh where moe hostels were located.  He
directed us to a police substation (HPD is Honolulu Police Department,
not Houston Police Department) where the cat called hostels for us and
found one available.  We were his last customers before he shut down
the shop.  Perfect timing.</p>

<p class=date>7:29am HST Sunday 9 February 2003</p>

<p>Last night when Janette and I went walking along Waikiki beach,
heading away from all the bustle toward what turned out to be a war
memorial with a no longer used salt water swimming pool (the largest
of its kind), I carried my computer and all my stuff except my hoodie
and shoes with me in my back pack.  Specifically my computer I wanted
to keep with me and not leave at the hostel, for I didn't trust my
shit to remain safe.</p>

<p>This after my yammer complaining about people having too much
stuff.  Is it okay for me to covet just my little bit of stuff?  To
hold dear one particular item, which really I'm not attached to the
computer; it's these journal entries I don't want to lose.  And to a
lesser degree my emails that I don't want to lose.  Everything else I
can replace.  Even my pile of MP3s doesn't crush my heart to imagine
losing them.  Half of them are copied from online</p>

<p>I intend/hope (not yet trust) that I'll feel more safe at the next
hostel on a less populated island.</p>

<p>I'm gonna try to upload these entries here in the internet cafe of
this hostel.</p>

<p>- - - -</p>

<p>I entered some bills into WG and then paid one of the dollars for 5
minutes of internet access.  It's a dollar per 10 minutes.  I'll try
to negotiate.. oh wait, well there's a new person at the desk and they
are counting through till now to switch people at the desk.</p>
