---
title: swimming
tags: 
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2003-02-09
---

<p class=date>6:00pm HST Sunday 9 February 2003</p>

<p>Janette and I went swimming.  The water is a bit cold and way clear
and the ground was SHARP coral and rocks and ouch ouch ouch to walk
across, especially in shallow water, cause the waves would keep me off
balance and not very bouyant.  buoyant.  floatatious.  Anyway, I have
stab marks on my hands and feet from walking crab walk across the
pokey sharp rocks and coral and such.</p>

<p>It was so much fun!  Janette and I were all "ow! ow! OWWW!! ow!" a
lot and laughing a lot more at ourselves and our respective noises.
Quite entertaining. </p>

<p>Met a cat named Rick out on the coral (wearing shoes) and his
daughter Taylor?  No, it started with a C.  Camper, Cooter, Maybe it
was Taylor.  Anyway she had shoes on too, and they were
snorkling. (not the shoes, the cats.) I definitely want to do that so
I asked if we could borrow his stuff once I found out that he lives
next to the hostel.  I shoulda asked if he knew where we could rent
some; I felt immediately embarassed for having put him in a situation
where he couldn't easily say no.  But whatever; it's all good.</p>

<p>They came out of the water a bit after we did.  Rick and Kimberly
marveled that we were barefoot out there.</p>

<p>Kimberly lives in the hostel, gets free rent by doing all the
cleaning.  She was kickin' back on a towel so I chatted with her a
bit.  Never sat on her towel though.  She used to live in Seattle, but
found herself depressed in the winter so she moved out here where it's
super sunnier all the time.  She's an editor for a local author, but
her real love is dogs and wants to set up a business grooming,
sitting, boarding dogs.</p>

<p>Dolly is Rick's dog, possibly a border collie.  Dolly was chewing
on a fallen palm leaf (and by leaf I mean the big ass entire 7 feet
stalk with the little flappy leaves on it).  I threw it and she
retrieved it several times before she chewed through part of it and
the piece that I was throwing kept getting smaller and smaller.  I'm
amazed that she doesn't have shredded bloody gums after all that
chewing of 'sharp' palm stalk.</p>
