---
title: zach dog cat
tags: []
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2003-02-09
---

<p class=date>8:50pm HST Sunday 9 February 2003</p>

<p>Went to dinner at Lotus Blossom where Reenie's son Zach works.  The
most beautiful things:  it's within easy walking distance, and Janette
had no conscious idea of that when booking this awesome hostel; Reenie
peeking toward the kitchen, "Zach??" and Zach coming out all huge
smile, "Hi Mommm." and big big hug and then back up to make sure it's
really mom/Zach and then hug again.  So beautiful to witness.</p>

<p>We each had uber-unique foods: I got flax seed things with
sunflower seed paste; Janette got miso soup and <em>awesome</em>
vegetable pizza with <b>huge</b> slices of vegetables (roasted garlic,
pineapple, grilled onion (as the base), tomato, summer squash) and
crust that was <em><b>better</b></em> than Star Pizza!!!!!  The crust
was made out of spelt (I hope I spelt that correctly) and olive oil.
Actually I think Star Pizza's crust is better in large quantities of
consumption, but on first and second and third taste this crust
*ruled!*</p>

<p>Oh and Reenie got something called Samosas, which I'd never heard
of but she apparently has eaten before.  Potato turnovers with
corriander, tumeric, and cumin seasoning.  And pineapple chutney (I'm
typing as Janette dictates what it was) and puff pastry.</p>

<p>And I got a sample of some nutty soup (and I don't mean it had nuts
in it) but it was onion/apple/black bean soup.  Such a weird flavor!!
I'm glad the cat named Dog suggested that I get a sample instead of a
whole bowl.  Weird weird flavor.  I told him later that I'd like to
try it again on a different day and work my way up to a full bowl.</p>

<p>So there was a cat named Dog there!  His real name is some variant
of David, but I never caught it.  He has bangs but the rest of his
head is buzz cut.  Deep clear eyes when he shook my hand with a
genuine pleasure to meet someone that runs in the same circles as
Zach's mom.</p>

<p>Great great great restaurant.</p>
