---
title: New beach games
tags: []
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2003-02-11
---

<p class=date>5:26pm HST Tuesday 11 February 2003</p>

<p>We went to a cool beach and I invented two games.  The first one is
called Find A Beach With Waves That Have A Rather Large Variance In
How High They Wash Ashore And Lie Down While Plugging Your Nose And
Ears So That Sometimes Your Entire Body Will Be Covered In Water And
Hold Your Breath When The Water Comes!  Or I might rename it to Don't
Drink The Water.  Or maybe Don't Drown.  The game is really fun; I was
totally giddy and just laughing at the hilarious waves with delicious
anticipation!  I got pretty good at predicting whether a wave was
going to just touch my feet or reach my back or if it would gush over
me.  Sometimes the waves would float me around and one even turned me
around so my head was pointing at the water.  So hilarious!
Definitely a game I'll play again sometime.</p>

<p>The other game is a variant of the game known as Golf, but I played
without seeking to knock the ball into a specific hole.  I'd just
throw it down within a beach covered in large rocks and the ball would
bounce any crazy direction it pleased.  Then I go find the ball and
bounce it again.</p>

<p>A couple of times I slipped pretty badly on the rocks; they were
sooooo slick.  One rock looked like it was completely dry and not
slick.  My right foot shot forward and I collapsed down onto my left
shin.  Didn't break the skin, but I've got a bit of a bruise now.
Very slight, but it could have been baad news.  I also fell and came
close to bending my fingers backwards farther than is my preference.
Whew.  No injuries that will keep me from doing whatever I'd like to
do for the rest of the time we're here.</p>

<p>I found a lot of beach glass for Janette; she collects it.  Some
sorta large pieces and some pretty colors.  I tried to get a piece of
the top of a bottle that included the mouth of the bottle intact, but
it was lodged between some rocks so I couldn't get it out.</p>

<p>As we left, Janette or Zach found a coconut and Zach opened it by
beating it on a rock.  An unshaved guy got out of his car, "what are
you doing to that poor rock?"  The rest of his banter was as funny and
often stranger than that.</p>

<p>I like the looks of people that seem to be locals here.  I wonder
if I'll come back to live for a while.</p>
