---
title: Talkin
tags: 
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2003-02-12
---

<p class=date>9:41pm HST Wednesday 12 February 2003</p>

<p>Went downstairs to chat it up with whomever might be down by the
picnic tables.  Richie (sp), Sara, Nee (sp), Kevin, Kimberly & her
sister Hillary and Pat (?) were all down there at various points.  Oh,
and Janette came to visit after her walk.  She made popcorn for us and
a <em>sandwich</em> for me!  How on earth she found sandwich making
materials out of that which we had left over from yesterday amazes
me.</p>

<p>Yammered about stuff and things and offered popcorn to everyone
multiple times (Kevin had wanted popcorn when Janette came up (down)
with the idea, but he vanished before she came down (down) with the
popcorn.) So we had extra popcorn and fun offering it over and over to
each other, especially funny when the offeree already was eating
popcorn.qqwefgft
rgftgftrt5rrrtftrryht66y6yty666yyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy6tytttttttty</p>

<p>Oops; the above was typed while I stuffed my clothes into my bag,
using my keyboard as a table.</p>

<p class=date>10:02pm</p>

<p>Now I'll read today's entries to Janette and maybe <em>Stranger in
a Strange Land</em>.  I had the book in my bag and stuffed my bag down
between the wall and the bed, then had to drag it out to get the book.
Put it away again Then realized I had left my mouthguard in my bag and
had to drag it out again.  When the bag was stuffed down there the
third time Janette was all, "can I borrow your toothpaste?  or your
T-shirt?"  So funny we are!!</p>

<p>(*) HAhahahahahhaah.   Can you imagine if the day was actually lazy, and
wouldn't get up off the calendar?  It stayed 9am for hours.  Or it
refused to change from Tuesday to Wednesday.. it was still night until
noon because the day refused to get up out of bed..</p>
