---
title: AM Dream
tags: [ "dream" ]
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2003-02-14
---

<p class=date>3:15am HST Friday 14 February 2003</p>

<p class=dream>With two cute girl-friends of mine, one new and one
kinda old, and I was trying to decipher the meaning of the screenname
of the newer girlfriend.  It was like ah-pl8-gr8 or something and I
kept trying to attach English words to it like English, but she gaave
me a hint that it was Spanish, and that changed the whole paradigm, of
course. (thanks g).</p>

<p class=dream>And it turned out to be something like aloha hombres,
piscica amore something something yadda yadda but I couldn't quite get
it and both girls were like patronizing and the old girlfriend was
getting frustrated like that I couldn't get something and I was
getting *really* frustrated and embarassed and wouldn't even make eye
contact with the old girlfriend anymore, just trying to ignore her
comments and finally I was all, "I'm sorry, I've got to go." and
grabbed my shoes and jumped off the roof to the ground and they were
all, "wait don't give up" and I turned around and just started to
SCREAM yell "One of my shortcomings is that I'm can't memorize little
tiny few FUCKING WORDS AND I'M REALLY FUCKING SCARED THAT I WON'T BE
ABLE TO LEARN LANGUAGES AT ALL AND IT'S NOT FUCKING FAIR AND" and they
got scared and both of them walked away from me and I was like pissed
that they wouldn't listen and like wtf, do they thinnk I would hurt
them?  Obviously they've never been to my I-group to know and trust
that I can be mad at myself and express it through yelling and not
hurt another person.</p>

<p>When I woke up and realized it was a dream, I knew what must have
been part of the problem in memorizing the phrase: the letters kept
changing since they were dream letters and not actually a screenname
in reality.</p>

<p>- - - -</p>

<p>previous dream:</p>

<p class=dream>TIME Magazine had a party in their offices and wanted
to invite the general public, but they didn't advertise the party in
their magazine.  The only way people could have known about it is by
knowing one of the staff members.  They were having a meeting trying
to discuss the success of the party and talking some inane BS like,
"oh we should offer things the public will like" and whatever, but no
one hit on "we should <em>advertise</em> the party," so I raised my
hand to tell them that, but then for some reason didn't tell them
(either the dream ended, or I figured they wouldn't listen and I
didn't care enough to tell them)</p>

<p>- - - -</p>

<p>previous dream.</p>

<p class=dream>A TIME Magazine article on how a woman "used a
newsgroup message and a binary editor to change her web browser to
self modifying code."  and the search engine used the browser and
replicants of the browser to do a faster search, and to actually
better itself in some way.  And people weren't impressed or didn't
understand the significance of self modifying code; this was the
beginning of computers writing their own code, when suddenly the
humans would begin to lose track and lose ability to understand the
code for the computers won't have to document the code, nor even write
in a high level language.  But no one understood these types of
implications, and were just caught up in the apparent triviality of
the search which google could do already.  "wah wah wah google already
does what this new search engine does."  but that wasn't the
point.</p>
