---
title: Angelique dream
tags: dream
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2003-02-14
---

<p class=date>9:10am HST Friday 14 February 2003</p>

<p>This dream was probably around 4 or 5 am, before the first rooster
started hollerin'.</p>

<p class=dream>I was chatting with Angelique from back in my UH days
at the dorms.  We were being all flirtatious and may have been about
to hook up or go on our first date when she said something like, "well
we can date if you don't mind sometimes ending up in the restroom in
Paris in a puddle of vomit" or something equally unattractive.</p>

<p class=dream>I was like, "ummmm well I guess we can't date cause I
won't be interested in anything like that."</p>

<p class=dream>And we had a brief period of mourning realization that
we had just broken up before we even got together and we both felt
sad.  I said like, "well we are both still good people, and your
choice is your choice and mine is my choice," or some wisdom and such
but we still both felt sad and I was crying.</p>

<p class=dream>Then she was all, "hey I want you to meet this guy," as
a man was walking using a cane very slowly across the street to her
parents house.  "He's the author of a book" etc and she thought maybe
he could help me do something interesting in my life.</p>

<p class=dream>So she introduced us and he no longer had a cane and I
cleared up my apparent sadness and I was all, "HI, I'm Rob Nugen and
I'm going to Japan in March.  I heard that you're an author, and I
wonder if you'd be interested in coming to present something on your
book."</p>

<p class=dream>But it turned out the book was on social economics of
the 15th century or something equally too detailed for beginning
English readers so we decided it probably wouldn't be worthwhile.</p>
