---
title: Glasses
tags: []
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2003-02-15
---

<p class=date>4:48pm HST Saturday 15 February 2003</p>

<p>At secrets beach I went way out into the water after allowing
myself to flotsam and jetsam around near the shore.  I saw some rocks
that the waves were crashing over; these rocks just barely became
visible when the water seemed to go to its low of 4 or 5 feet.</p>

<p>Something told me to not go to the rocks, but then I was all "I'll
allow god to keep me away if necessary" and a wave pushed me away, but
not so far back that I couldn't recover my position.  I got through
the next waves and then a big wave came so I looked away, threw my
hand up to my face to keep my glasses on, but they were already gone.
I didn't even feel the wave wash them off.</p>

<p>I hear ya god, I'm going back in.</p>

<p>I intaked (intook) a little water and choked a bit, but made it
back even though the outward current was a bit tricky.  I just floated
myself above it and let the incoming waves wash me to shore as I
dragged my hands along the bottom for one hopeful glasses search..</p>

<p>Walked back up to where Janette and crew were chillin'.  "Is there
anyone named Janette around here?"  Reenie pointed down the beach.
"I think she went that way."  "Ah."  .... "I lost my glasses."</p>

<p>(Oh, that's why he asked..)</p>

<p>I went rock walking with Janette; I can't really seem to rock hop
well this way.  We found a little area in the rocks where the wind
didn't really blow.  nice.   Interesting that the wind seems to be
blowing the opposite direction on this part of the island than where
we were.</p>

<p>Walked the opposite diretion on the beach and found a mini cave
thing big enough for both Janette and I to crouch inside.  Water
sometimes waved up as high as our feet, but never covered the rocks on
which we sat.  Zach had to go to work so we headed out.</p>

<p>There was a little stream flowing through a sand bar making a small
sand canyon that Zach jumped over from tall side to low side, but
couldn't quite jump back without a little scrabbling to climb up the
sand.  I made the jump from high to low side, and it was a little
scary not knowing quite exactly how I would land or what the shape of
the surface was like, but I made it.  barely.</p>

<p>I intentionally eroded the tall side of the canyon to force the
stream a different route, but it didn't really work.  Maybe a
difference would be detectable after some time.</p>

<p>Listened to hilarious local talent freestyle rap on the way there
and back.  I wanna meet that cat.</p>
