---
title: today
tags: []
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2003-02-17
---

<p class=date>9:08pm HST Monday 17 February 2003</p>

<p>Today after Janette and I got my contacts, we joined Zach and Reen
for an adventure up on the east side, hunting waterfalls and good
stuff to climb.  Didn't find waterfalls that we could easily reach,
but did see some from a distance.  I estimated I could climb down the
cliff and to the falls in 2 hours.  As i stood on the railing
protecting tourist from falling down the hill, an old woman was all,
"that's a steep drop" and I go "yeah, I'm considering going down it."
She goes, "you're out of your mind." and I answered before I
processed/fully understood what she said, "yeah I am" cause I figured
she was saying, "no way man, you're not considering such.."</p>

<p>I'm glad to give her something to think about.</p>

<p>Zach and I made sheep and goat noises, then rooster noises.  Reen
joked about telling her mom what Zach <em>does</em> on the island, "oh
he impersonates farm animals all day!"</p>

<p>We chowed at Papaya's, oh but all that was after we visited
Collectibles, the antique store that Janette wanted to visit.  The
woman there added syllables to every sugar coated word, and she gave
to me free a pack of 9 postcards marked $2.00 because i was with
JAnette who bought several dollars worth of stuff.  She goes, "you can
have it; I can never keep track of them anyway.."</p>

<p>I may send her a card from Japan.</p>

<p>- - - -</p>

<p>We visited an arboretum and I walked through the cold creek water a
bit and overall had a fun time.</p>

<p>Got back to the hostel and Janette noticed some kitesurfers, so we
walked down with tea to watch them.  Way cool to see them flying in
the air, and one cat lost his board while in the air and
kinda splash/crashed when he landed.  He recovered though and it was
all good.  I got to help one guy with Aussie accent lower  his kite to
the ground.  Or hold it when he glowered it.  Fun time talking to them.</p>

<p>On the way back we trespassed on some closely trimmed grass and
chairs at a hotel thing and watched blinking lights blink slightly
different patterns.  white red red green white red red green would
change to white red red green green white red red green white red red
and it was really pretty entertaining, especially when we considered
the possibility of watching that pattern for like an hour and then
seeing an orange light blink once during all that time.  or blue.  I
wondered if I could make this sound very funny in my journal.  Not
really, it seems.</p>

<p>A guy was walking his dog and I could imagine a stand up comedy
routine about how dogs choke themselves to walk fast tugging on their
leash on a walk.  Crazy.</p>

