---
title: honolulu airport
tags: []
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2003-02-18
---

<p class=date>3:57pm HST Tuesday 18 February 2003</p>

<p>Hugged Zach at the entrance to the road that leads to his house
(tent).</p>

<p>We made it to the airport with some minutes to spare.  Not like in
movies where people yell, "hold the door!" or anything like that.</p>

<p>We got charged an extra day on the rental car even though Janette
was told verbally by the woman at the counter 7 days ago that it would
not be late until after 4pm.  No note in the computer of that
conversation = late.</p>

<p>I told Janette, "it's on her karma, not yours."  :-)</p>

<p>We arrived at the gate as the line was formed; no hurry had been
necessary.</p>

<p class=date>5:28pm</p>

<p>Liability laws are wack. I'm chillin' on the wall with my head in
Janette's lap and some lady wearing not a security uniform was all
"I'm with security; please come down from there."</p>

<p>I was all, "wouldn't it be funny if I fell while trying to get off
the wall?"</p>

<p>She didn't laugh.</p>

<p>Man fuck them motherfuckers who are all falling off walls and suing
the airport.  Stupid bitches shouldn't sit on walls if they're going
to fall off.  Do you know what kind of fucking walls I've climbed up
during my life and not fallen from?  Do you know what kind of slippery
waterfall blasted lava rocks I climbed on <em>today</em> and did not
fall?  Do you know what kind of head injury I sustained on private
property and not sued Jones Hall?  I paid that $4000 medical bill
myself and never cried once.</p>

<p>Fuck your wall.</p>

<p class=date>9:47pm HST Tuesday 18 February 2003</p>

<p>We're kickin' it in the airport still (Honolulu).  Boring, but I'm
transcribing old entries.  Janette and Reen went looking at goldfish
and Janette came back, "we saw a goldfish <em>this big</em>," holding
her hands out.</p>

<p>"<em>This</em> big?"</p>

<p>"No, more like this big."</p>

<p>"<em><b>This</b></em> big?"</p>

<p>"Oh, with the tail?  More like *THIS* big!"</p>
