---
title: Dream
tags: [ "dream" ]
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2003-02-27
---

<p class=date>7:10am CST Thursday 27 February 2003</p>

<p class=dream>Riding my bike with Janette riding hers on some back
country roads somewhere, looking for places to go camping.  We ended
up doing a U-turn or something interestng like that.</p>

<p class=dream>Got back to the city ando Janette and I were walking
our bikes up the median of I-10; we had reached I-10 and I-20 almost
and she was asking me "is that I-10?"  "no that's the feeder for I-10"
and then we got to the actual I-10 and were walking our bikes up the
middle between the lanes of traffic and a motorcycle came zipping by
us sharing our same lane and then another motorccle came zipping by us
sharig our land going the other direction.</p>

<p class=dream>Then I was all "look behind us and tell me when there's
a break in traffic (so we could go across)" and she didn't hear me at
first and I saw the traffic slow down ahead of us and then beside us
and surmised that she didn't hear me because tehre must be a break in
traffic by now, so I told her again and somemotrocycles were beside us
and she goes, "oh now e can cross" and we crossed the highway all 4
lanes or so walking our bikes across then rode on the shoulder and
then stopped for a second and gazed out over some flooded areas
watchin people play and drive around in the flood.  Westopped for too
long though and got caught almost by a guy driving an official state
traffic truck and the truck coasted to a stop in front of us to nab us
and I was all "fuck that" and we were both on one bike and thought it
was more dangerous to go down this way (wit h my glove partway off) I
zipped down crossing all the lanes of traffic to the middle of the
highway and thecrossed them all again (to be very confusing) and got
to the bottom of the hill.  Didn't wreck.  Got away.</p>

<p class=dream>The guy came walking down the freeway ufreeway like
where peple can sleep under the overpas and he told us how dangerous
it was to do what I just did blah blah blah and he turned to leave,
waling up the ramp and <em>CONK</em>ed his head on the top of the
overpass though I had shouted "watch your head!!!"nderneath the </p>

<p>(haha I should have said Check your head!!)</p>

<p class=dream>And then I thought he must have been joking after what
he had just been bawling me out and the jerke back, hit his head
*again* and then fell and hit his head again on the ground.  Oh
jeeze.</p>

<p class=dream>So I jumped on my bike and drove away all crazy looking
for ice and found that I shouldn't go back up the freeway, but instead
went down the ramp into a hall andgot a locker basket of ice and a pan
of smaller crushed ice and then went up to him and put his head in the
locker basket of ice, and used the smalle shaved ice to fill in the
gaps and give him a full ice covering.</p>

<p class=dream>I really felt compassion for the enemy here, wanting to
o the right thing for him even though just 30 minutes earlier he would
have arrested me for plaiing on the bridge, but tha was just our
roles,; he was still a person and I still loved him.  I covered him in
sand so he wouldn't slide down the hill, but then he woke up and his
mom Julie Sexton came down and his siter (not Claire, but Carina
Dormio) and I told them waht happened and they ooh and ahhed over the
cut and wondered if he should get stitches and his beeper went off,
but it was my alarm.</p>


