---
title:  20-30 mph
tags: 
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2001-08-23
---

<p class=date>11:35pm Thursday 23 August 2001</p>

<p>Today near the end of my time at work, while I was
getting some programming done, the pager beeped.  The
pager that should have been with Dave, but that he
left on his desk.  For some reason, the web server
checker thought the web server was down, and paged
911-911-911 on the pager.</p>

<p>The server is up and responding quickly.  I don't
know what the problem was.  However, I was being paged
consistently every 30 minutes.  Turns out there's a 30
minute server checker, and it will trigger every 30
minutes until it's reset.  Unfortunately, one has to
go in to work to reset it.</p>

<p>So I rode my bike to work to fix it.  I determined
that it's just a tad over 5 miles to work.  I think
that's correct.  I didn't specifically time it, but I
remember I turned over 130,000 miles in my car on my
way to work; I was almost there, and now I have
130,007 miles on my car.</p>

<p>I got to work in 13 minutes, according to Wende
timing me.  (I called her when I arrived).  That's
better than 20 miles per hour!</p>

<p>I left work and arrived back at the house in 11
minutes.  That's just about 30 miles per hour!!!</p>

<p>Wow wow wow.  So at some point I will more
carefully determine the mileage between home and work,
but for now, wow.  30 miles per hour on my bike seems
pretty awesomely fast.</p>

<p>Super duper thanks to Maggie tonight for trying to
get Wende's computer working.  Maggie wasn't able to
get it resuscitated.</p>

<p><img src="/images/rob/wL-ROB.gif"/></p>
