---
title: ultimate catch
tags: ultimate
author: Rob Nugen
date: 1999-10-04
---

<p class=date>4 October 1999</p>

On Saturday night I played Ultimate with the guys at UH.  
This is the third week in a row I've been back playing with them
and I'm loving it!  I used to play all the time back in 1993 and
1994 and into 1995 and maybe even a tad beyond that.  I'd like to 
be a more regular player for some time to come.

For more info on this group, see <a href="http://www.stephenmcleod.com/ultimate.html">McLeod's Ultimate Frisbee Page</a>,
or <a href="http://members.aol.com/gremillion/diskone.htm">Rod Meek's SNS Ultimate</a>.

So anyway, on Saturday I had a super great throw and a super
great catch!

I also found that my endurance is getting better after just 3 
weeks.  Nice.

The throw I made was for 1 point to Mike, who was speeding across 
the endzone.  I targeted him perfectly and he made the catch 
almost in self defense; that disc would have hurt!!

But the best part about the throw is I threaded it between two 
defensive players as they closed in on the trajectory, and even 
just past Chadwick, who was on my team, but not past the goal 
line (I believe).  Anyway, super perfect throw and everything.


But the catch I made was even more classic!  Someone, I think 
Sean, threw a long shot down the field to me.  Kathleen "Cat"
Catchings ran toward me to attempt to block the throw. I was 
turned backwards running and she was facing me, closing in 
quickly, but could not see the disc, which was closing in on 
<em>her</em> even more quickly.


All at once, Cat kinda crashed into me, and I literally caught 
the disc behind <em>her</em> back as it crashed into her.  So 
funny, and would have been a great shot on tape!!

Great fun and I look forward to being back this Saturday!

(except for the possibility that Jason and I (Australia trip 
Jason) might go on a short road trip to Enchanted Rock!)  That 
will be cool if we go.  He is supposed to call me today and let 
me know if he has the weekend off from work.  I told the guys at 
Ultimate, "if I'm not here next week, it means I'm on top of 
Enchanted Rock.")
