---
title: ktru texas
tags: [ "ktru" ]
author: Rob Nugen
date: 1999-10-05
---

<p class=date>5 October 1999</p>

This morning before KTRU, I purchased a cassette tape to record 
my show for Zara, who requested a Rob Mix tape.  When she asked 
me for such a tape, I was all, "when will I ever have time to 
make a mix tape???"  Oh yeah..  I can just record my show at 
KTRU!  So that is what I did.

However, at KTRU I was not able to get the station turned on.  

It's off when I get there in the mornings this semester, but a 
quick phone call with the secret code will turn it on. Not this 
time.  So I paged the station General Manager, and called the 
Station Manager.  Station Manager suggested something to try. 
General Manager called me back and suggested a solution, but 
after I tried the first suggestion, the station came on.   Yay!  

Good thing I was recording the whole event, and entertainingly, I 
recorded my end of the last two phone conversations at the 
beginning of the tape!  Great!!!

We had a whole stack of passes for two to Happy Texas, a movie 
about some escaped convicts posing as beauty pageant experts.

I announced them on the air and I gave away two and grabbed a 
pass for myself.  Amanda and I went to see it and thought the 
movie was pretty funny!   I even cried at the very end, although 
I believe the scene was not designed to be tear jerking. Oh well.

- - - -

Also today, I reviewed a 2 CD set by Momus, called Stars Forever, 
which I really enjoyed!!  I turned in milk bottles at the grocery 
store to get the deposits back (dollar each for seven bottles) 
and then purchased printer ink cartridge for my printer so I 
could print the CD review. 

Turned in the CD and said HI to the DJs there and asked Holly if 
she knew of a PJ Harvey song that had chorus, "is that all there 
is?"  because the owner of Mission Burritos asked and I think 
she'll give me free burrito coupons to give away at the station 
if we can find the song for her. 

Outside the station were 200 or so CDs being tossed, so I went 
through the entire stack and pulled out about 4 for myself and 
about 12 for presents for friends.  Nice!  Come by the station if 
you want some CDs!

Then to Record Rack, where I said HI to Bruce and tried to sell 
him 7 unopened CDs from the KTRU stack, but he said he couldn't 
sell them.  Oh well, but oh yes he had NIN new album the fragile 
(halo 14) which I bought after some internal debate.  Finally I 
decided it was NIN; I had to have it.

Then home and listened to the album, while waiting for Amanda to 
arrive so we could go see Happy Texas and we saw it and she went 
home and here I am.
