---
title: skate tired
tags: [ "skate" ]
author: Rob Nugen
date: 1999-10-08
---

<p class=date>8 oct 1999</p>

I went skating last night but didn't really have the energy to do
much.  I fell once while jumping over a road hump thing.  The fall was
not bad, but was an indication that something was amiss in my skating
abilities.  I had never previously fallen while jumping a road hump!
(There are times when I don't make it all the way over the hump, but
that doesn't cause a fall.

On the way to downtown I kinda tripped once, jumping sideways off the
sidewalk into the street.

Once we got to Louisiana Street, I zipped down with traffic down past
Jones Plaza where Party On the Plaza was being held.  No problem doing
it this time, but I didn't have huge big crazy energy that I usually
do.

I rested at the plaza and then did the street thing once more.

This time I almost fell and it would have been really bad.  My right
skate hit a small pothole in the street (small like 3 inches across)
and I almost fell on my face.  I recovered quickly though and hopped
up onto the sidewalk.

Apparently it was time to go home.

On the way out, I saw Ryan!  He's one of my youth at Emerson, except
for the fact that I'm not currently a youth advisor there.  Met his
parents and sister.

Near City Hall, I saw some guys painting in the street. They were
measuring and marking 10 foot square blocks for some kind of booths
for a street fest type deal.  That was pretty neat.  A couple times he
lost track of what number he was s'posed to paint in the block, so I
reminded him, but he didn't thank me.

Got home, and I boiled some water for chicken soup tonight and forgot
about it and it all boiled away.  No harm done, fortunately.  It was
just water and I didn't cook the dry pot for too long.  Whew!

Sleep sleep sleep.
