---
title: dj shadow
tags: concert
author: Rob Nugen
date: 1999-10-28
---

<p class=date>28 october 1999</p>

DJ Shadow concert was phat.  I'm not really into the Hip Hop scene,
(which I realized more after the show,) but I really thought the
turntablism was fresh.

(I have a guess that some of my readers might benefit from some definitions)

(These are my definitions; if you have a better or more precise
definition, use it!)

vinyl n. - twelve inch record with sounds recorded on it. Also "wax" 

turntable n. - device on which vinyl is played.  has a speed adjuster
to change the pitch

volume n. - you know what it is.  Each turntable has one.

spin v. - play vinyl on turntable

DJ n. - individual spinning vinyl

wheels n. - turntables (usually two), used synchronously to allow
continuous music while DJ changes vinyl on one turntable

scratch v. - quickly reversing the direction of spin on vinyl for a
brief instant, or back and forth super quickly.

crossfader n. - analog slide switch that determines which turntable is
being amplified through the system. Left only, both equal, right only,
or any variation is possible.

crossfade v. - using the crossfader to adjust how audible is each turntable.

turntablism n. - the art of using all the above to make mad phat beats!

Some funny things:

Before the show actually started, I sat near the stage watching the
crowd slowly develop. With the lights and music blaring, I likened it
to watching a very loud flower unfold into full bloom.

When the DJs were spinning, I could look back over the crowd (I
retained my position by the stage) and see a sea of bobbing heads,
like a bunch of pigeons.  I was bobbing too, grooving to the
beat... but what would an extra-terrestrial think?

Some cool things:

Beat juggling.  I had heard the term before, but didn't know what it
meant.

First: two identical records on two turntables, in the same beat.
Crossfade between the turntables is inaudible; they are playing the
same music.

Then: crossfade to one wheel, turn the other back, crossfade to other
wheel, turn the first back, crossfade to one wheel again, turn the
other back...  

Effect: the same beat sequence is repeated (kinda as if the record is
skipping, but without the skip sound).

Note: the DJ has to do this perfectly or it will certainly sound like
crap.  less than half a second to crossfade and spin the record back
to precisely the same spot.. amazing!

The technical skills, the knowledge of exactly what is on the records,
beat juggling, scratching..  were all quite impressive to me.

Mondro (another KTRU DJ) was beside me at the stage and he was all,
"yeah that's called beat juggling.  It's how breakbeats and all that
got started."  or something.  Whoah!

In all, the show was not my thing.  Technically yes, but it just
wasn't my music.  Gimme the phat jungle beats anytime.  I'm super
thankful for the chance to see it live!

- - -

I didn't even mention Latyrx (not "latrix" but "la-Teer-ix") two MCs
who were featured. They rapped and got the party waving our hands in
the air, making a lot of noise... and were certainly having a great
time themselves.  I yelled and waved and had big fun, but in general,
this was also not my thing.  I'm still super thankful for the
experience!
