---
title: "dream scheduling conflict"
tags: [ "dream", "schedule", "conflic", "nate", "lin", "tora", "yumi" ]
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2017-12-23T04:49:53+09:00
---

## 04:49 Saturday 23 December 2017 -03

<div class="dream">I had a schedule conflict that I detected a few
days out, but didn't try to rectify until the day of the conflict.
Nate wanted to have me join a late night adventure sneaking into a
dark house that only I knew the layout to find some prize close to
midnight.</div>

<div class="dream">I was more interested in joining Lin to meet Travis
and Yumi for a roadtrip that started at 11pm, but planned to meet in
nearly the same location, an empty field next to the building that
Nate and I were going to explore in the dark.</div>

<div class="dream">I was more interested in joining Lin and Travis
because they wanted me to join because of me, and Nate wanted me to
join because of what I could do.</div>

<div class="dream">I decided I had to call Nate, so I found my phone
and my earphones and plugged them into the phone and into my ears.  I
called him while walking around a mall near a train station, going up
and down escalators and was like</div>

<div class="dream">"Hey yo I gotta leave early tonight like
midnight,"</div>

<div class="dream">and he goes "Why?"</div>

<div class="dream"> Which is a question I had not really anticipated.
I told him why and he seemed to understand because he repeated back
what I said.  I was like yep and he started to negotiate as I walked
down an escalator barefoot and turned right after I saw some people go
down a vertical elevator thing like in a parking garage I saw where
the staff could use the elevator chains that just continuously cycled.
I was surprised that I didnt want to take that but instead took the
escalator, thinking next time I would take the elevator chain.</div>

I woke up quite relieved that there was no schedule conflict..
