---
title: "Vision"
tags: [ "mkp", "vision", "soml" ]
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2018-09-06T06:35:43+09:00
---

## 06:35 Thursday 06 September 2018 JST

A man has two lives.  The second one begins when he realized he only
has one life.

My second life has begun.  I am feeling the fire in my gut, mixed with
the fear of rejection and failure.  But as I have learned through
experience, if I follow my fear I will be headed in the right
direction in life.

For me these fears result in me dying alone.  There is a process
called What's at Risk which I learned from Mankind Project.  "What's
at risk if I do it?"

"people might not like it."

WAR if they do not like it?

They will not like me.

WAR if they do not like you?

They will leave me.

wAR   etc until I die alone.


Okay, What's at risk if I don't do it?"

I will lead a pointless life

WAR oint

I will have no enthusiasm

WAR

I will have no connection to friends

WAR .....

die alone

I have been through this chain of broken logic countless times.  I
believe the
point of the exercise is to point out the logical fallacy.  Somewehre
there is a mis-step in logic.

Let's try it again:

WAR if you do it?

People might not like it?

WAR pmnli

I will adjust it and try again

Aha!  That was quick.  Because my excitement is merged in with the
fear, coming from a core *knowing* that this is the right way to go.
Or at least the right ballpark or sport.

That knowing is there that I will not just give up.  I will keep
coming back at it from different angles until I get it right.  I just
have to hope I won't be like a mosquito trying to go through a screen
window.

- - -

So what is the vision?  The vision is to make Emotional Intelligence
as important as that other kind of Intelligence, just plain old
intellect.  The vision is that I can stand listening to someone yell
at me when I fuck up my visa.  "You have to leave Japan today!" big
man was yelling at me, and I was aware of the fear inside my body, but
did not get pushed around by it.  I could feel it swirling.  "I had
fucked up.  My life was ruined."  But I also know fear is an emotion.
It is energy in motion.  Fear is that feeling that comes up when I do
not have enough information to make a decision about the future.  I
want to stay in the country; I am listening to a man yell at me,
saying that I cannot.  I stood there calmly listening.

He paused for second.  "Do you understand what I am saying?"

I assured him I did and reiterated the sailent points.  He agreed that
I got it, but the points pointed to one main point.  I had to leave.

So I punted.  "I am planning to get married."

I had popped the question to Lin a month or so prior to this event.
During that month she kept asking if I had gotten my visa sorted.  "I
still have time; the postcard says to do it by July 18th"

Turns out, that date didn't matter.  It was the date actually *in my
passport* that mattered.
