---
title: Dream featuring Andrew Basiago
tags: [ "dream" ]
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2015-01-07
---

##06:31 Wednesday 07 January 2015 JST##

<div class="dream"> Andrew Basiago was looking for an assistant and I
applied for the job.  He knew me already, so I just wrote Rob Nugen on
the list because I figured he already had my contact information.  For
a while I thought I should have written it just to be sure, but it was
okay.  There were several other people in the line, and I glanced over
and saw my name on the list he had written so I guesed it was fine.

The crowds thinned out and Andrew motioned to me that we could go up
to have our meeting in his office.

His house was two stories in a neighborhood within walking distance of
my house.  I had my cat Jennie with me but didn't think I should take
her into his house, so I planned to just leave her outside, which my
wife wouldn't appreciate, so I said, "hey I better take Jennie home"
and Andrew agreed, and encouraged me, as always, to do the right
thing.

I caught Jennie as she was running down the wooden steps from his
house and walked her to my house.

Inside, I got sidetracked, on something tangentially related, like
writing in my diary that I had met Andrew, and during that moment I
forgot he was actually waiting for me. I thought _oh no I was supposed
to get right back!_ I thought Andrew would be upset, so I started to
rush back.

As I exited my house, there a moving van was arriving outside, and I
remembered that someone was moving in to replace a housemate (sister?)
who was moving out. I realized I should wait to tell them where to
move the stuff, but then saw lots of people were there as well, and I
realized someone else could show them.

On the way to Andrews's house again, I was climbing up a steep (45
degree) slope made of 2x4 boards, and a young girl started playfully
chasing me up.  I didn't want to engage her so I tried to hurry, but
realized that would be rude, so I let her catch me.  She confided to
me a note she had written about food, which she dared not show her
parents.

It started with "shit: " and went on about food that she didn't like
to eat, and had several lines drawn between the food categories
broccoli, epeas, asparagus, etc. that she didn't like.

I asked her if I could have it and she said it was for me.  I
refolded it (in half widthwise and then in half twice the other
direction).

I walked down the white sandstone slab steps down the hill toward
Andrew's front door and found my computer which I had left on top of
the steps. I started to cry a bit because I had left something so
important to me outside and forgotten about it.  I picked it up with
thanks that it was still there and Andy opened the door by the time I
got to his porch.  I apologized for thinking I'd be right back and
explained that the girl had given me a cute note.

He unfolded it on his glass desk and the paper spread out into a map
of the city with her writing still on it.  He asked, "so where are we
focusing?" and then he noticed her writing again in the center of the
map.  An overhead camera displayed the map on his computer screen,
using software processing to flatten it out as he unfolded it.

I was like, "wow!  It would take me hours to scan that whole thing"
Andrew agreed and said that's why he bought the overhead scanning
system.

He asked me what title I wanted for my role as his assistant.  I
didn't know this was an option, so I just repeated what I had seen
somewhere else, "PG?" and he said, "are you sure you want Programmer?"
for that's what PG meant.  I was like, "ohhh!" because I hadn't known
what the PG meant and thought about it for a while.  I thought of TT,
Time Traveler, but figured that would be too obvious.  I came up with
"TE" for Time Enhancer, meaning that I wanted to help everyone improve
the quality of their experience of time, to be more fully present in
their moments of experience.
</div>

I began to wake up and reviewed the dream in my mind so I could recall
it for my journal.  Lin's alarm went off, bringing me more fully awake
so I jumped up to write the dream before I lost it.

notes:

PG? was "PG" plus some letter, but the question mark is what I don't
remember

At no time was I lucid or even aware I could affect things in the
dream world

The girl was from my kindergarten class (on Wednesdays);
[she's the one who cried during hokey pokey](/2014/11/26/a-bit-repetitive-kids-class/).

Here is the text as originally typed (with eyes closed):

    AB was looking for an assistant and I applied for the job.  He knew me already, so when I just wrote Rob Nugen on the list, he already had my contact information.  For a while I thought I should have  written it just to be sure, but it was okay.
    Therew wer several otehr people in tline, and I glanced over and saw my name on the list he had written so I guesed it was fine.
    
    The crowds thinned out and Andrew motioned to me that we could go up to have our meeting in his office.
    
    His house was two stories in a neighborhood within walking distance of my house.  I had my cat Jennie with me but didn't think I should take her into his house, so I planned to just leave her outside, which my wife wouldn't appreciate, so I said, "hey I better take Jenniehome" and Andrew agred, encouraging me to do the right thing.
    
    I caught Jennie agas she was running down the wooden steps from his house and walked her to my house.
    
    Inside, I got sidetracked, on something tangentially related, like writing in my diary that I had met Andrew, and during that moment I forogt Andrew was actually waiting for me, and thought oh no I was supposed to get right back, and I thought Andrew would be upsdet, so I started to rush back.
    
    As I exited my house, ther was a moving van arriving outside, and I remembered that someone was moving in to replace a housemate (sister?) who was moving out.  Lots of people were there as well, and I realized Iididn't need to show the movers which room  they needed to move the stuff to.
    
    On the way to Andews's houe again, I was climbing up a steep (45 degree) slope made of 2x4 boards, and a young girl started playfully chasing me up.  I didn't want to engage her so I tried to hurry, but realized that would be rude, so I let her catch me.  She confieded in me a note whe had written about fod, whcih she dared not show her parents.
    
    It included
    It started with "shit: " and went on about food that she didn't like to eat, and had several line drawings between the food categories broccoli, epeas, asparagus that she didn't like.
    
    I asked her if I could have it and she said it was foer me.  I refolded it (in half widthwise and then in half twice the other direciton.
    
    I arrived back at Andy's, whho heard me and opened the door as I arrived.  I apologiezed for benlate
    
    I walked down the hill tooward Andrew's from door and found my computer which I had left on top of the concerted steips  I started to tear up a bit
    I started to cry a bit because I had left something so important to me outside and forgotten about it.  I picked it up with thanks that it was still there and Andy opened the door by the time I got doto his porch..  I apologized for thinking I'd be right back and explained that the girl had given me a cute note.
    
    He spread it out on his desk, and unfolded it .  The paper spread out into a map of the city with her writing still on it.  He asked, "so where are we focusing?" and Ithen he notieced her writing again in the center of the map.  An overhaed camera displayed the map on his computer screen, using software processing to flatten it out as he unfoldeded it.
    
    I was like, "wow!  It would take me hours to scan that whole thing"  Andrew agreed and said that's why he bought the overhead scanning system..
    
    He asked me what title I wanted for my role as his assistant.  I didn't know this was an option, so I just repeated what I had seen somewhere else, "PG?" and he said, "are you sure you wante ProGrammer? for that's what PG meant.  I was like, "ohhh!" because I didn't kno w what the PG meant and thought about it for a while.  I came up with "TE" for Time enhancer, meaning that I wanted to help everyone improve the quality of their experience of time, to be more fully present in their moments of experience.
    
Notes on rough version:

AB was written for brevity.  AB is *not* the same AB when I write about "website for AB" or "AB website"

"concerted" was concrete, which more accurately was white limestone which I saw at UH and Rice University.

[https://dcfossils.org/index.php/gallery11/#fossils](https://dcfossils.org/index.php/gallery11/#fossils)

[Cordova Shell Limestone images](https://encrypted.google.com/search?q=%E2%80%9CCordova+Shell+Limestone%E2%80%9D&hl=en&biw=1338&bih=801&source=lnms&tbm=isch&sa=X&ei=gmSsVJvrCoaE8QXytICQDw&ved=0CAcQ_AUoAg)

