---
title: Dream
tags: [ "dream" ]
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2015-01-18
---

##03:21 Sunday 18 January 2015 JST##

Special thanks to past-self who was resting in bed and decided to set
up this buffer for writing my dream when future-self wakes up.

##09:11

<div class="dream">
During some kind of war, recieved a flying motorcycle which had been
gear to my DNA and was a gift from the past.  Our friend had driven a
car to kill two bad guys by crushing them into a wall, and we ran over
to take care of him because he was injured in the accident. A guy
asked fro two beers and I went over to the bar and he said it's the
price was 1500 so I gave him a 500 yen coin to start and he started to
give me 500 in change.  I was like, but I gave you.." and he thought I
was saying i gave him more than 2000 and I said, "no this is a 500 yen
coin from Japan" and he's like, "??" and I go, Um what year is this?
And he said it's "UN-11" and I explained I was born in 1970 and they
were like, "wth?" because no one knew how long ago that was.

I was able toremember that I had been in Japan until at least 2014,
but wasn't sure past that what happened.

He gave me a flying seat thing; it wasn't much more than just an
engine or maybe I had it and he just put in a new battery or
something, but the main point was they couldn't activate it.  It had
some kind of PGP key that was needed, and somewhere in my body was the
passphrase to unlock it.  I remotely communicated with my commander
that I was about to try the device, and it would either work or not; I
didn't know the password.  It worked immediately and I got on.

I remembered how to fly, but it was a bit unstable at first, but I
could achieve much higher speeds than by normal (dream) flying modes
with no external propulsion.

I flew over the local cluster of buildings and towaard the city,
hoping I wouldn't crash into the other myriad flying devices, because
I didn't know the local laws.  I flew up into some power lines (*) and
fortunately went through them instead of being injured.
</div>

(*) high tension power lines used to often show up in my flying dreams; I hadn't seen them in a while until last night.
