---
title: Getting Debian Sorted
tags: [ "debian" ]
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2015-05-23T11:30:01+09:00
---

## 11:30 Saturday 23 May 2015 JST

HAahah (*) tell you in a second

"Debian seems fine," I told Travis via email, because it does.  The
*computer* is a bit slow, but that's not Debian's fault.  It's my
fault for using old hardware.

After turning on filesharing from my old machine, I successfully
copied the virtualbox box for CB to this machine, but haven't got it
started because the network adapter settings are different on this
hardware.

I decided to document what I had to do to get it working, and so
therefore needed to get my journal entries from bitbucket, and so
therefore needed to give this computer permission to access my
bitbucket account, and so therefore needed to create an ssh key, and
so therefore needed to look up how to do that.  Did the clone command
and it was like "hey man that's an unknown host," and therefore had to
dig around to find the fingerprint online, and did *not* find a
canonical answer to what it should be, but found a reference to it in
a forum somewhere.

I realized I need to be careful to keep posting to the repo from both
machines, and guessed there's about a 90, nah, 85, nah who am I
kidding, 95% chance I'll forget and have to do a merge.  At least it
will be an interestingly easy way to see when I started the switch
from Mac to linux.

Cloned the repo, spun up emacs, and decided to use yesterday's entry
as a template for today's entry, as I haven't copied over my `.emacs`
file from the old machine.  It features handy keystrokes for creating
entry templates.. but for now screwit; I just need to slap down
*something* so I can get back to work and document getting the
virtualbox box back to working so I can get back to work on updating
the CB site before I have to go to work to teach two lessons near
Kawasaki station at 3pm.

(*) I laughed because after I opened the copy of yesterday's entry to
create today's entry, I realized the repo does *not* contain all the
changes I made yesterday on my MBP.  Yep.  gonna be some merges; 100%
sure!