---
title: soml 24-may-1998
tags: soml
author: Rob Nugen
date: 1998-05-24
---

<title>State of My Life Address</title>

<p class=date>24 May 1998</p>

<h1>State of My Life Address</h1>

<ul>
<p><li>I am for sure going to quit work at my JOB on 19 June.</li>

<p><li>I'm super excited about activities planned for the youth group this summer and beyond!
<ul>
<li>First Sunday youth worship</li>
<li>Third Wednesday youth dinner</li>
<li>Last Sunday youth planning meeting</li>
</ul>
and we have scheduled a Social Action Lock-in for 13 June!
</li>

<p><li>I have completed "weaning" myself from my JOB computer. I have my own ISP (FlashNet) and my own modem, zip drive, etc etc. Oh and computer still.</li>

<p><li>Cool thing is that now with my ISP I can have AOL IM chat thing up and ICQ chat thing. Email me if you want my numbers and stuff.</li>

<p><li>I'm a bit behind in journal entries; there are 2 I for sure wanted to get in here, but I don't know if I will. One was that I woke up at 3am to crazy rustling and whining in the tree by my window, and I had no idea what it was and feared the worst: my cat was killing a small whining animal and was about to jump to the window to bring it inside.

<p>Turns out it was just raccoons eating the fruit on the tree! It's a loquat tree and they taste pretty good and are just past ripe (by my judgement) now.

<p>I forgot what the other thing was.</li>

<p><li>I'm excited about GA coming soon to a city near me! (Rochester, New York (okay, not so near, but I'm going!))</li>

<p><li>Today at church only kT, Jon, and Nicole were there.  kT and Nicole babysat; Jon and I chilled and helped them a bit.</li>

<p><li>Today I'm going with my mom to Slidell to see her sister who has cancer. It's an icky all-over-body cancer and I'm sad to see her all messed up.</li>

<p><li>I have an Astroworld Season Pass but I have only gone twice this summer so far!  Auugh!!  I expect I'll go many more times once I quit my job.</li>

<p><li>I am reading <em>Your Money or Your Life</em> by Joe Dominguez and Vicki Robin. Somewhere in the book it describes that before the industrial revolution, people worked about 3 hours per day. Three.

<p>I think I'll make that my goal.</li>

<p><li>My skating abrasions are healing nicely.</li>

</ul>
</p>
