---
title: review for airbnb
tags: [ "renee", "review", "" ]
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2017-08-05T10:27:01+09:00
---

## 10:27 Saturday 05 August 2017 JST

Huge Japanese home next to parks & hot springs
(https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/17957650) is probably ideal for couples,
but not big groups.

Maybe it's because we tried to do too much, or because Dr Wada was
overbooked, and did not keep to the originally planned schedule.

It's all very confusing, actually, but in short, I do not recommend
bringing big groups to this location.

(( About a week before the weekend, my co-coordinator tried to get a
group discount for having invited / brought so many (14+) people.
Renee said no to a discount, but offered to let me and co-coordinator
stay at no charge.  A few days before the weekend, after what I will
describe as bickering between Renee and my co-coordinator (R), Renee
told me she no longer wanted to deduct our fee for staying.

I didn't say anything about it because (1) I thought Renee might
change her mind again (as she seemed to be talking in the heat of the
moment) and (2) before Renee had offered to let me and R stay for
free, I heard R say she was not doing it to try to make money. ))

Renee has recently (2017) bought this location; we were among her
first guests, and certainly her first big group.  The weekend plan
included two types of events (1):

*) seeing some of the sites around Takasaki
*) energy healing sessions with a Dr Wada, and with Renee, the host herself.

(1) https://docs.google.com/document/d/1aaZtimdAFAUc-RQhGsGKBpotwCue9aDBGBwju31K71g/edit?usp=sharing

I arrived early by train and Renee picked me up at the train station.
We ate dinner at an indian place in the station.  On the way to the
house, Renee assured me that she did not need so many people to come.
Specifically, she could have made a lot more money by doing what she
normally does on the weekends.  But she was doing this for the good of
our group.

Dr Wada and his wife work as a healing team with Renee.  Renee told me
one of the reasons she bought the property was that it was close to Dr
Wada's home.  (Dr Wada's wife has ALS, and cannot move her legs or
lower back.)  Renee cried with joy a little when Dr Wada called to say
he had gotten his wife into the car.  Upon hearing the news that Dr
Wada's wife on her way, Renee told me something like "this has always
been my dream to do healing sessions with them here.  thank you for
making this possible."

So great to hear; I hugged her and was glad to be part of a good thing.

Six healing energy sessions with Dr Wada were scheduled to last from
2pm to 5pm. They started an hour late (fair enough: in addition to
taking some time to get Dr Wada's wife to the house and up the stairs,
there was a minor medical emergency with Renee's son which needed to
be treated).  They should have ended an hour late, but that's where
things started getting weird.

Instead of each session lasting 30 minutes as scheduled, the first few
lasted 45 minutes.  Renee said something like "nothing less than
miraculous healing is happening" so I figured it was fine.  I did not
want to stand in the way of miracles.  (( but thinking about it, do
miracles take time to happen?  Why can't the healings happen in 30
minutes? Or maybe just get 30 minutes worth of treatment and leave
people wanting for more? ))

Originally scheduled for six people in 3 hours, Dr Wada treated 10
people in 10 hours.  Renee translated most of the sessions, so she was
unavailable to take us to the hot springs and dinner as was indicated
on the schedule.  Our group went to the hot springs on our own.  One
person covered up her tattoos to go into the onsen (after the staff
had talked to her the previous night about tattoos not being allowed).
The other person with a tattoo sleeve covering her arm did not go into
the onsen that night; I know because I walked back with her and
another participant to the house.  The other participant went back for
her treatment with Dr Wada.

The treatments with Dr Wada lasted until 1am (originally scheduled to
end at 5pm (or even 6pm to account for a late start)).  This threw the
whole schedule far off the next morning.  After helping Dr Wada's wife
get up the stairs at their house, I arrived back at Renee's house
around 2am, received an energy healing treatment from Renee (during
which she fell asleep, poor thing) and got to bed at 2:45am.

Let me be perfectly clear, there were some people who said the healing
treatment with Dr Wada was nothing short of amazing.  But the fact
that they took *much* longer than originally planned caused havoc the
next morning with our schedule and ultimately, with tempers.

Renee slept later than planned.  Our smoothies and waffles for
breakfast started around 10am instead of ending at 9am as per the
schedule.

Our group was anxious to get going on the tours as planned; some of
them needed to get trains back to Tokyo.

As people were milling about, wondering if we would have time to come
back to the house (or if we should pack everything into the cars to
head directly back to Tokyo), I repeated the question which people
were asking of Renee: should people pack everything?  and most
importantly, can we go now?

This is when things got really messy.  We hadn't sorted out the
payment because I had a problem with my credit card on Air BnB.

Though R suggested that we sort out the payment while we were out and
abount, Renee insisted that we do it "now" while people were waiting.

R noticed that she and I were being charged for the weekend, and I
realized I had erred by not telling her that Renee had decided not
reduce our rates.  We went over all the numbers, and now that I have
had time to reflect on it, I see some people were charged 1500 yen for
snacks and food, though snacks were included in the "List of what is
provided by Mrs Gunma"

https://docs.google.com/document/d/1hPOAHKsGAHMCphKpLHj_5CzHvHDvFwdaOllQK1PKDCg/edit

Though I no longer have access to the participant list on Google Docs,
I believe one participant was charged for two nights, though she only
attended one night.

R wanted to hurry so agreed to just pay the money at that moment
instead of having some time to discuss.  We paid and went downstairs
where Renee proceeded to tell R to shut up so Renee could address
everyone with a sales pitch for her properties before having people
stand by the cars they would use to go home.  I just wanted to do
anything but be there.  I felt horrible for bringing people and for
not being able to speak up.

One of the participants put it very well.  Either go for healing
treatments or go to see Gunma.  Not both.  I will add not to go with a
big group.
