---
title: Saturday
tags: 
author: Rob Nugen
date: 1991-12-21
---

---
title: Saturday
tags: 
author: Rob Nugen
date: 1991-12-21
---

<p class=date>7:30PM Saturday, Dec 21, 1991</p>

<p class=note>(transcribed from Book Two of my diary)</p>

<p>Only 4 days until Christmas.  Crud.  I'm not ready.  Anyway, here's
a summary of my life: wait wait... Here are the top 15 (not) 10 things
that are important to me right now. (Not in any particular order)

<ol>
<p><li>Tonight is the Castle of Dreams Christmas party.  It actually
started 30 minutes ago, but I'm waiting until after I pick up Tammy
from work before i go.  She may or may not go.  If not, I'll get to
stay out later.  We'll see.  We're exchanging "Castle oriented" gifts.
Mine comes from my favorite tagline: "... Oh and here is your key to
the restroom."  I've got a skeleton key that I'm painting with
glittery nail polish.  I wish it was opaque, though. (the polish, that
is)

<p><li>Kiera is about to call me.  I sent her a Christmas card & asked
her to call me.  She didn't have my number, so she told me so in a
recent letter.  I called her & she's supposed to call me back within
43 minutes.

<p><li>I doubt I'll get 15 things down here before then.

<p><li>School is out, and I miss all my friends from the dorms.  I got
a letter from Laura today, so that was really nice.  I'm going to send
her a 1969 penny & some "Hershey's Kisses" paper strips.  I'll also
send her a postcard of a cow with the word COW written boldly across
the back.  She'll love it.

<p><li>I've decided to write a program to keep track of my budget.  I
want to keep my double entry system like I'm doing on paper now.  It
will be a tough program, but I'll just do lots of flow charts & get it
done correctly.

<p><li>I intend * to do some preparation for my classes next semester.
Or, to be more precise, I intend to do some preparation during the
holidays for my classes next semester.  Yeah.  Anyway, I'm going to
buy the Assembly Language book & read it.  I'm also going to review my
calculus & trig stuff.  I'm taking Calculus III next semester and I'm
not ready for it.  I will study it before school starts.

<p><li>I need money.  I've recently taken the responsibility for
paying Tammy's & my rent, and I payed to get the van fixed.  St Joseph
is going to close the Outpation portion of the Pharmacy on Saturday,
so there goes 1/2 my income.  Not cool.  I'm going to have Tammy help
me write a resume' and I'll call Methodist Hospital, which recently
had an ad out for Pharmacy Techs, and I'll call some temporary
agencies & try to get a job that way.

<p><li>Another money making scheme I've decided to pursue is donating
sperm.  I've gone to the place to get the application.  I'm going to
take that to my parent's tomorrow and have Ma help me fill out the
family genetic history.  I'll get $40.00 guaranteed, and then
"excellent compensation" for each time I donate after that.  I think
it's $50 per squirt.  Cool.  If that's the case, I can make an extra
200 dollars per month.

<p><li>Dave is in town, and I'm going to get his new computer & my
computer together to do some software swapping.  He recently got a 386
IBM compatible.

<p><li>Birraporetti's was super fun last night.  I saw Ann, my
beautiful cute blonde neighbor waitressing there.  She saw me first,
actually.  I bet she makes a fortune in tips.
</ol>

<p>Well, how about 10 things.  That's about all I'm going to get
without being too silly.  I'm going to get cleaned up and go to pick
up Tammy & then go to the party.  Later.  Love Rob

<p>* Kiera called to say she's going to the movies.  She'll call me
tomorrow at 8:30.
