---
title: CastleParty
tags: 
author: Rob Nugen
date: 1991-12-22
---

<p class=date>Sunday evening Dec 22, 1991</p>

<p class=note>(transcribed from Book Two of my diary)</p>

<p>The party was really cool.  By chance I ended up exchanging gifts
with Dream Keeper.  I got a Lego set #6259, "Broadside's Brig."  It's
a jail cell for pirates.  Very cool.

<p>At the party, we played charades and Master Clue.  One of my
charade things was a bid for "Burke's Law."  I got it for 45 seconds.
I intended to say "rhymes with -" . well, I did say that.  I got this
across: Rhymes with "burp saw." Close, but no banana... Oh well.  When
I first played, I asked what color we were.  Black Magus (Caleb) said,
"we're neon, and we're going <em>that</em> way," since our marker was
bright orange.  We refined the quote to be "we're xenon..." so that
the color would be correct.  Castle dwellers present: Speaker to
Database, Black Magus, Shadow Thief, Myrridin, General Chaos,
Weaponier, Tara, Windy the Wise, Dream Keeper, Night Mage, Thunder
Rabbit (me, of course), Wandering Programmer, and that's all.

<p>Dude.  on the way there, I got stopped by a train with many many cars(?) like this:

<p><pre>

  -=oo======oo======oo======oo======oo======oo
  ^
normal
hookup thing
</pre>

<p>Oops.  I fucked it up.  Let me try again.  (Ha Ha (evil laugh) you
have no choice but to let me again!)

<p><pre>
      ______  ______  ______  ______  ______
      |ASB |  |FISH|  | CS |  |LSA |  | LGM|
  -=oo======oo======oo======oo======oo======oo=-
  ^          ^      ^^      ^       ^          ^normal coupler
normal       permanently attached!!
coupler
</pre>

<p>There were at least twenty of this type of car.  The things were
regular length, but sharing a set of trucks between them.  It was
quite interesting.  Each of them had five (5) cars & six (6) sets of
trucks.

<p>Today I went to Tomball & gave Dave about 10 megs of software for
his new computer.  Mostly .GIFs, including lots of x-rated ones.  Man-
they look great on his VGA monitor.

<p>Sigh. It's 10PM.  Kiera was supposed to call me an hour & a half ago.
