---
title: Christmas
tags: 
author: Rob Nugen
date: 1991-12-25
---

<p class=date>12:05AM Christmas Day, 1991</p>

<p class=note>(transcribed from Book Two of my diary)</p>

<p>The zoo was cool.  We went to every exhibit, except that I noticed
we did not see girraffes.  The reptiles were cool.  This will all be
written haphazardly, since I want to write about what just happened.
At the zoo, we saw a huge ass <em>green moray</em>.  It was in a tank
with a nurse shark and a lemon shark.  We saw some huge ass snakes,
too.  We saw the gorilla do this (on his back the entire time): Long
slow lazy scratches on his belly, scratching toward his crotch,
flipped his back legs up by his ears, long slow scratches from chest
to crotch.

<p>We saw lions doing weird stuff.  (I think one was in heat and the
others were trying to hump her) But one of the lion's tail was being
chewed on by the 3 lions including herself.

<p>At Emerson, I met Amy & Janna, daughters of Jan, minister of
Emerson.  They were pretty.  After the thing, me, Cheri, & Ma stopped
by Transco falls and the City Hall Christmas lights.  I took Cheri
home and then came home to Tomball.

<p>Just now, Fred said, "Let's see who can eat the most sweet tarts."
I said, "Crud. I had wanted to save some for tomorrow.." We each
crammed 27 Sweet Tarts into our mouths.  Try it.  We could not chew.
We started to laugh - cracking up laughing. Dying laughing.  We had to
go outside so as to not cough them up on the carpet.  I started to
choke and spat them into my hand.  Fred couldn't chews them and
drooled them off the porch into the grass.  He said, "Oh Well."  I
started cracking up more and spat them back into my hand and then
threw them as far as possible.  HA HA HA.  We were dying laughing.
Tears & the whole works.  It must have been a location joke, though,
since you're not laughing.
