---
title: Today
tags: 
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2003-03-07
---

<p class=date>2:59pm CST Friday 7 March 2003</p>

<p>Good day of errands, getting new glasses (1), mailing my
Application for Visa to enter Japan (2), picking up Janette's sewing
machine (3), picking up Josephine from school (4), visiting TCBY for
ice cream! (5), and going to the correct place to get my glasses (6),
and go home for a big ol' nap (7).</p>

<p>(1) called the office that was close to Janette's house, went over
and was all, "wazzzzah" to them and they're all "????"  and it turns
out that the doctor we called <em>used</em> to be there but has now
moved and a different eyedoctor is in that space.  Freaky.</p>

<p>(2) filled out a PDF version of the application, sent it with my
Certificate of Eligibility and my passport and a new passport photo
(for what, I don't know) to the Consulate-General of Japan in Houston
so they (I think) can verify everything and put the visa into my
passport. Will it be a sticker or an ink stamp?</p>

<p>(3) not too heavy</p>

<p>(4) not too heavy, either.  But she did get to sit on a ladder
instead of a seat, and I drove over the curb on Abrams when I was in
the right turn only lane..  Whoops!</p>

<p>(5) I was focused on getting the rainbow colored vanilla ice cream
with chocolate chip cookie dough mixed in, but they couldn't to that
(ice cream will break the mixer, and no marble slab nor cold stone nor
plastic thing on which to mix by hand), so after she had mixed soft
serve with cookie dough, I requested a blop of the rainbow on top.</p>

<p>(6) I beat Janette by walking once we were within 2 blocks stuck in
left hand turn lane traffic.  Took a bit to get a medical release form
filled out giving Dr Pickering's office permission to FAX the
prescription (which they already FAXed) over, but I ordered fly
flexible frame glasses.  They'll be in ready before I geo to
Japan.</p>

<p>(7) :-)</p>
