---
title: today
tags: []
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2003-03-10
---

<p class=date>10:29pm CST Monday 10 March 2003</p>

<p>Today at work I was in a pissy rotten mood at first.  It felt like
Post Rally Depression, but I haven't been to any rallies in a while.
I looked underneath and discovered that I am feeling fear and sadness
(mostly sadness) about leaving for Japan.  Just when I'm really having
a great fun time with Janette... gotta go.</p>

<p>I mean I was like kicking the shit out of boards when they only
needed a good kick.  Or pulling finishing nails all the way through
plywood instead of tapping them backwards and pulling them out.  Or
picking up decks (3/4" plywood 4x8 feet with 1.5" thick X 6" border
around it and three 3/4" braces across the back) by myself instead of
getting help.</p>

<p>Felt better after lunch.</p>

<p>That was the lunch that we all piled into Joe's truck and went to
Whataburger and Jah-Jah paid for my and William's lunch and after
lunch William and I in the back seats of the truck laughing our asses
off after Joe hit the brakes (something one does at times while
driving) and Hector spilled his 32 oz fountain drink (no lid) onto the
floor of Joe's truck and Hector was all mad at Joe!!  "Goddammit Joe
you shouldn hid de brakes like dat" in his Puerto Rican accent.  Spill
32 ounces of coke on the guys carpet and yell at him.  Thanks for the
laugh, Hector.</p>

<p>Paul Andrews was here when I got home.  He went to get Chez while
Jack went to volunteer at Dallas Peace Center.</p>

<p>Chez and I had an adventure going to the video store to retrieve
_Say Anything_ that included the Simpson's Short at the beginning.  We
watched it on Janette's TV/VCR combo (which we brought to the store)
and decided not to get it.  Chez thought it wasn't as funny this time.
It was as funny to me, but we weren't high on no sleep when we watched
it.</p>

<p>Got A.I. on DVD instead.</p>

<p>I'm too tired to watch it now; I'm going to read _Stranger in a
Strange Land_ to Janette and go to sleeeee.</p>
