---
title: Today
tags: 
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2003-03-12
---

<p class=date>7:03pm CST Wednesday 12 March 2003</p>

<p>Woke up late at Maggie's, went to Mission Burrito after a driving
tour of my old haunts - apartments, house, work, etc.  Went to Paint
This! and I painted a mug for Janette and she painted a teapot.  Big
hugs and HI to Jennifer as she might be going out of business and is
trying to not take too much blame and such.</p>

<p>Went to see Suzanne and helped her friend/coworker Sharri stuff
envelopes and then scheduled to stay at Suzanne's tonight.  Went to
Hermann Park with Janette and showed her the planets on the sidewalk
and big globe on water and then walked around Miller Outdoor Theater
and took pics including two little girls climbing on the statue with
Janette.  I forgot their names, but gave their mom my card in case she
wants the pics.</p>

<p>Um,.. oh walked around the lake and saw a little kid fall and gash
his forehead a bit (good scar story that I imagine he won't really
remember (he's probably 3 years old)) (haha "gash a bit") but the mom
kept cool as a cucumber and rounded up the posse and walked over to
the hospital 1 block away.  Very convenient place to fall; good job,
little guy.</p>

<p>We walked the rest of the way around the lake and then drove to
Star Pizza to order pizza and will take it to Suzanne's.  I'm chatting
with Aisha and writing this entry at Kinko's now.  Gotta roll; feel
like the pizza is probably ready.</p>

<p>OH!!!  And Maggie was right!!  I saw Ryan (fuckin' forgot his last
name, not McCarthy) at Star Pizza!!!   She said I would know someone
there...   Wow!!!</p>

<p>Ryan Ray!</p>

<p>ps: we arrived just as the pizza was ready.</p>
