---
title: Pissed
tags: 
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2003-03-14
---

<p class=date>9:16pm CST Friday 14 March 2003</p>

<p>Fucking pissed at fucking shitface email bullshit on my fucked up
Macintosh craphead computer.</p>

<p>It suddenly wouldn't send email and I erased the account which
fixed it last time and ultimately did not lose any of my stored
mail... but this time it fucking ERASED all my Sent messages, all my
Inbox, all my Deleted messages.  I'm *PISSED* at this motherfucker.
Upgraded to OS X.2 to keep from having problems with this email piece
of shit program and it's fucking destroyed all my messages.  Fuck fuck
fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck.  Piece of fucking fucked up shit
mother fucker.</p>

<p>And I don't feel better about it after ranting.  Asshole computer.</p>

<p>I did not lose messages stored in my other folders.  I'm going to
look for a backup of these messages that may have been created.
Grrrrrr.</p>

<p>- - - -</p>

<p>None found.  Fuck fuck fuck.  This may be the straw.  But maybe
not.  Grrrrrrrrrrrr.</p>

<p>Yeah; I'm going to use Yahoo! for a while maybe.  I wonder if I pay
them a dollar or two if the mail won't say "from Yahoo!" on the
bottom.  But who cares if it does?  Argh.</p>

<p>- - - -</p>

<p>The only thing that *changed* is that I downloaded an update (as
suggested by my updater program) for Java.  (Not mail, Java).  And my
updater asked me to restart my computer for changes to take effect and
I haven't rebooted it.  I'm going to reboot now and if my fucking mail
is not fixed, I'm switching over to Yahoo! or maybe Lycos.</p>

<p class=date>10:39pm</p>

<p>Well, that seemed to fix it.  Shouldn't have made any GODDAM
difference if I booted after an update like that but maybe that was
it.  Alright, fucking Mail program, you're not fucking fired, but you
got fucking close, bitch.  Fuck up again and you're getting the
axe.</p>

<p>I am going to bed now.</p>
