---
title: Dream
tags: [ "dream" ]
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2003-03-18
---

<p class=date>7:54am CST Tuesday 18 March 2003</p>

<p class=dream>In a small section of town like an amusement park with
Ma and Jon leading the way to a restaurant that they thought was
closed but was just under cleaning aor it was being built and was
really expensive but I peeked my head in the door and saw a room with
green short carpet and a partition behind which people were cleaning
the carpet and the hostess was at the other end of the room and
motioned for me to follow her, so I walked past the partiition and to
the other end of the room and outside after assuring Ma and Jon they
should come with me and they did and I reached the outside area and
the hostess had gone down some old steps of varying heights and not
supersturdy and I daintily skipped down them and then warned my mom
they were different heights so she should be careful and they got down
the steps and the hostess showed us to an outdoor table like a picnic
table big wooden kind and asked who would be paying for the bill and I
didn't say anything cause I had no money and had assumed my mom or Jon
could pay for me, and then the busboy had joined us and he said he
would pay for Jon and my mom could pay for me and everyone agreed that
was a good idea it seemed, and the hostess was describing something
and then she left and Jon was all quiet and like, "no one listens to
me" even though he hadn't said antyhthing and I'm all listening very
intently to him even though I don't understand why he woudlnt speak up
in the first place and he was all, "In dreams I just get so emotional;
My emotions come right out and I can't control them expecially
sadness" and he was going to cry and then I walked out of the
restaurant and could see a wheelbarrow full of bottles of Pace Picante
sauce and employees were taking them out of the wheel barrow and it
turned out the restaurant was not opening or cleaning, but closing and
closing right out from underneath us without them saying anything.</p>

<p class=dream>Walking down a parking lot with my friends behind me
and one friend was in front of me so I was like, "okay turn here" but
she wasn't listening until the very last driveway so I was like "okay
be sure to turn here" and she did turn right into the driveway though
it was partially blocked by traffic cones, we walked over the bridge
and I was in a locker room walking with Arnold Shwarzenegger and saw
some graffitti about someone having a lot of money like 218 million
dollars and I commented to him like, "hey and you probably do have 218
million dollars.."  and I was careful not to just follow him around,
but let ol' Arnold do his own thing and I selected my favorite locker
in the room and then went to get clothes, going out of my one room and
turning left and My locker was number 2, way down second from the
bottom row and it was the one I had always selected in this locker
room, which was part of an amusement park and it was slightly opened
but that was okay because people used these lockers all the time.</p>

<p class=dream>Then I was slecting clothes from baskets of clothes
that had just been dried, wondering about the guy who had to sort them
all, heaping baskets of shorts and underwerar and tshirts.  did he
sort them by size, or just type? </p>

<p class=dream>Leaving Dallas I noticed that each time previously that
I had gone through Dallas I had used the surface streets which gave me
a different perspective of the city, with a different viewpoint now
that I was familiar with its highways and such.  I tried to place them
in my mind, to fit the pieces together of how these surface streets
fit underneath the highways that I was seeing, and I couldn't see in
my mind how it all fit together.</p>

<p class=dream>there was one big elevated roadway like Pierce Elevated
in Houston and I was looking up at it from below, but couldn't
remember having ever driving on that highway in Dallas.</p>

###comments

<p><b>Name:</b> Billy Hoya

<p><b>Email:</b> billymuyo@ *redacted*

<p><b>Subject:</b> Dream

<p><b>Comment:</b>
<br>I like the part about the Highways. It is very odd when you drive a section of freeway that you usually go under, or vicversa. I've been tolds that most modren skyscrapers are disigned to be viewed from the highway vooming by at 70 mph as appose to the old ones which are disigned to be viewed from street level.<br>
<br>
- billy
