---
title: wende
tags: 
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2003-03-21
---

<pre>
From: Wende in San Francisco
Date: Fri Mar 21, 2003  23:44:06 US/Central

Hi guys-

On the way home from work today, I walked past Union
Square as I do every day.  Today was different because
I couldn't walk across Union Square - it was
barricaded off completely and there were a ton of
police officers all decked out in riot gear.  It was a
sight that I've only seen in something like a _Time
Life_ pictures of the century compilation, but it was
on my way home - three blocks from where I live. 
Thousands of protesters have been arrested for trying
to 'shut down the city'.  We had to close the store
four hours early yesterday because our employees were
afraid for their safety both coming to work in the
evening and leaving at 10pm.  I don't understand
protesting violence with violence, but we're just
trying to deal with it and keep our sanity.  I'm
amazed at the generosity of our country that this can
happen - our police are protecting the citizens and
business of the city from the other citizens of the
city and still trying to worry about protecting
everyone from the bad guys.  

It's not that bad - I watched a silly movie tonight
and ate junk food and did all that I wanted to. 
That's my normal stuff and I wanted to not give it up.
 I'll talk to you guys later.  I'm sending much love
right now.

Blessed be-
   Wende
</pre>
