---
title: State of My Life Address
tags: []
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2003-03-22
---

<p class=date>3:57am CST Saturday 22 March 2003</p>

<ol>
<li><p>I'm going to leave for Japan in less than a week.</p></li>

<li><p>I've got all the paperwork I need: tickets, passport with visa,
Certificate of Eligibility.  (I hope that's it cause that's what I've
got.)</p></li>

<li><p>I've not yet purchased all the clothing I think I'll need, much
less packed yet.</p></li>

<li><p>I've given Scott to Janette, effectively to Josephine.  We
figured that would be easier since Josephine doesn't have a TDL
yet.</p></li>

<li><p>I've pretty much said Bye to everyone.  Plan to see my mom in
Waco on Monday or Tuesday cause she wasn't in Austin yesterday or
today.</p></li>
</ol>


<p>In a way that feels blessed and lucky and wealthy, I have somehow
accumulated $3600 to take with me to Japan.  One of the ways I've
accumulated this is by working.  Another way is by borrowing money
from friends.  Another way is by not buying anything for the past
couple months except with credit card.</p>

<p>I'm relatively certain I'll be quite able to pay everything back
quickly, like I paid back my student loans back in the day.  Back then
it was $14,000 dollars I think, plus the remains of $4,000 medical
bills from bonking my head.  This time it's like $6000 total (actually
less), so I'll be able to knock that out quickly.</p>

<p>Living in Dallas with Janette has been an absolute blast.  We play
and goof around all the time, going for walks and random adventures to
random places (lake, woods, railroad tracks, houses being built, Austin,
Houston, back alley, snow, rain, sunshine, cloud watching...) it's
been sooo great.  I'm really going to miss her while in Big J.  Or
should I call it little J?  or Crowded J?  Or just Japan....</p>

<p>Anyway, I have lots of questions and few answers about what life
will be like overseas.  I just gotta (resume and) keep practicing
Japanese, focusing on my quest to become fluent in 3 more languages by
2010.</p>

<p>Oh, I've decided I'm not coming back to US for the year that I'm in
Japan.  Any vacation I get I'll use to explore more areas, not come
back for a short week to rush around hugging all my friends.  After my
contract, maybe I'll take two months off and hug everyone back here.
It just seems so silly to come back for a brief emotional frenzy in
the middle, so I won't do it.  I can predict heart-wrenching when I
hear/read about rallies and especially SWUUSI, but I've got to
continue boldly forth.</p>
