---
title: California
tags: 
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2003-03-26
---

<p class=date>12:07pm CST Wednesday 26 March 2003</p>

<p>Now I'm in LAX (interesting how I won't often abbreviate Los
Angeles, but think nothing of using LAX).</p>

<p>Oh, but now I'm in PST...</p>

<p class=date>10:09am PST Wednesday 26 March 2003</p>

<p>I've got 1 hour and 1 minute until my flight to Narita.</p>

<p>- - - -</p>

<p>Notable:</p>

<p>(!) I basically slept hard core sleepin' during the flight.
Did not notice beverage service, not that I wanted to; I'm shifting
myself to Japanese timezone.</p>

<p>(@) Woke up near the end of the flight and requested orange juice
from any of the three flight attendants who were all chatting it up on
this 1/3 full flight.  1/4 full?  Since the plane was so empty when I
boarded, I just cruised to the back for sleep purposes; I figured most
people would be in a hurry to get off first and would crowd toward the
front.  (Seems I was right).  They joked "oh <em>now</em> you want
something after we've been up and down the aisles twenty times!"</p>

<p>"Well, yeah, I like to be original."</p>

<p>"Mmmm," she agreed, "that's one way to say it."</p>

<p>I was all, "oh, 'Pain In The Ass' is the one you were thinking of"
hahahha</p>

<p>And I got orange juice (with no ice!  and I didn't even have to
request it) and little snack bag.</p>

<p>(#) I expressed profound thanks and initiated conversation, "I'm
going to Japan to teach English!" and gave all three my adventure
card.  They asked about it: what city, what Japanese do you know, what
did you do before, oh how excellent an adventure it will be.  ...  So
great.  I'm so much more excited and happy than all crying when I
arrived at DFW.</p>

<p>One of the three asked why I chose Japan and asked what other
countries I've visited, specifically non-English speaking.  Later she
mentioned that she's toyed with the idea of teaching English somewhere
given layoffs on United (presumably resulting from Airplane Day and
the Let's Attack Iraq program).</p>

<p>($) The landing was remarkably smooth!  Smoother than highway
driving.  Seriously!  It was quite amazing, and a sharp (smooth?)
contrast to the FO ex-Navy pilot landing on Southwest Airlines into
Austin.</p>

<p>I commented on this and it was suggested (by the attendant who
spoke with me most) that this airplane tends to be smoother than 737s.
Hmmm.  This was a "AIRBUS INDUSTRIE - SPECIAL VERSION" according to
the itenerary I received.</p>

<p>I told the captain what an amazing landing it was.  "Much smoother
than the Navy guy who landed my most recent flight, though that was a
lot of fun, too."</p>

<p>"Well, sometimes that happens too," he said.  I wonder if he was
giving a blanket reason for possible hard landings, or if he thought
maybe I was just guessing it was a ex-Navy FO.</p>

<p class=date>10:29am</p>

<p>People are crowding around the gate for my flight.  Maybe it's time
to move.</p>
