---
title: Flight to Narita
tags: 
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2003-03-26
---

<p class=date>10:50am PST Wednesday 26 March 2003</p>

<p>I'll switch to Tokyo time and see how it comes up.</p>

<p class=date>4:45am JST Thursday 27 March 2003</p>

<p>Weeeeeeeeeeeeeeird.  How did we lose 5 minutes?  A postcard to
first person who emails me a URL explaining it.</p>

<p class=date>11:48am PST Wednesday 26 March 2003</p>

<p>Okay.  This is fo sheezy jacked up.  I changed back to PST and lost
an hour.</p>

<p class=date>4:49am JST Thursday 27 March 2003</p>

<p class=date>11:51am PST Wednesday 26 March 2003</p>

<p class=date>4:52am JST Thursday 27 March 2003</p>

<p>Well at least it's not losing an hour each time I switch back and
forth.</p>

<p>- - - -</p>

<p>I've met the guy beside me; we actually have an empty seat between
us.  He's Japanese with good English and works in the water
purification business.</p>

<p>When I told him he speaks English well, he denied this, saying he
was ashamed of his skills.  Hmmm different culture fo sheezy.</p>

<p>He said married like "mahleed" and I couldn't understand him at
first.  (furthering his shame, dammit).  gotta rememeber that these
cats don't have the R sound in their what's-the-word phonetic
structure? set of phonomes?  pheremones? hahaah</p>

<p>Okay enough wasting battery.  OH!  That reminds me, super thanks to
Mac for making my power adapter work in Japan too.</p>

<p class=date>5:35am JST</p>

<p>Woah.  Looking down at the ocean, I can see our shadow, and the
shadow of our con-trail behind the plane!  This is the first direct
evidence I've seen indicating that I'm in such an aircraft!</p>

<p class=date>9:41am JST Thursday 27 March 2003</p>

<p>Okay.  I'm awake for the day.  We've got apparently 6+ more hours
on the flight which seems surprising; I feel like I've slept more than
4 hours.  Oh well; whatever.  There; I'm done being jet lagged.</p>

<p class=date>10:36am</p>

<p>D'oh.</p>

<p>I'm dumb.  I never read the 3 newsletters sent to me by Nova.  The
second newsletter asks me to do some homework designed to help me
learn how to teach super detailed forms of speech in English.  The
answers are given in newsletter 1.  I brought number 2 only; I don't
seem to have number 3 at all.  I doubt they'll fire me, but this is
not necessarily the 100% best way to start.  Oh well.</p>

<p class=date>1:01pm</p>

<p>Less than 3 hours until we land.  Alrighh.</p>

<p>Just watched a basically boring movie depicting differences between
monetary success and integrity of character.</p>

<p>But the movie did confirm my resolve not to fib about not reading
the newsletters.</p>

