---
title: crud
tags: []
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2003-03-28
---

<p class=date>10:06pm JST Friday 28 March 2003</p>

<p>Erg.</p>

<p>I've just taken a big ol' nap in my hotel room after watching some
kids (?) on skateboards down in a skate park 15 floors below.  I'm
conflicted in several departments: feeling a little bit sick in my
guts like diarrhea, feeling <em>extremely</em> dry like chapped lips,
feeling a bit coughy like tickly in my throat, and feeling a tiny bit
head-achey like a headache.</p>

<p>I also want to get out to an internet cafe and post my journal
entries.</p>

<p>Pulled myself out of the warm bed, converted birthday suit to pants
and thick long sleeve shirt, grabbed my computer, realized I don't
have a CAT 5 cable with me.   D'oh.</p>

<p>Am I scared of being embarassed at language barrier about how to
ask for a CAT 5 cable?  Yes.  Am I using my sickness as an excuse to
not go?  Yes.  Am I taking better care of myself by blasting through
my fear or by sleeping off my headache?  Dunno.</p>

<p>Things I've done today: navigated myself through part of Tokyo
train system to apply for my alien registration and see my apartment,
figured out a photo machine in Japanese, got lost trying to follow
directions given to me by the guy at the apartment on where to find a
nice place to eat my lunch, got reoriented (no pun intended) and ate
lunch on the river, renavigated myself back to train station, used a
public squat-over-a-hole toilet, got lost going out the wrong exit of
the train station near my apartment, recovered thanks to small map
given to me by Nova and augmented by Fiona to show my hotel location,
...  </p>

<p>Okay, I'll let myself go back to sleep without further
self-bashing.</p>

<p>To do tomorrow: 
<br>(!) get chapstick slash lip balm of some variety
<br>(@) search for a way to upload journal entries, 
<br>(#) meet Andrew, Cookie, et. al. at 2pm under the big clock in the
building where Nova's Tokyo head office is located.</p>
