---
title: Lost hotel key
tags: 
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2003-03-29
---

<p class=date>3:23pm JST Saturday 29 March 2003</p>

<p>Fuck.</p>

<p>I lost my hotel key.</p>

<p class=date>3:41pm</p>

<p>Okay.  I'm in my room but still no key.  I paid 2100 yen because I
lost my key, but when I asked for another to get into my room they
said they would have to make it.</p>

<p>Maybe she meant they have to go get it.  But I'm up in my room with
no key, while I should be out looking all the places I've been to find
it.  I've got all my shit dumped out onto my bed from my backpack
which is the only thing I had with me.</p>

<p class=date>3:43pm</p>

<p>Okay.  I called the front desk and told them I'm going to go look
for it.  They said my new one would be ready in two hours.</p>

<p class=date>5:06pm</p>

<p>Wow.  What a rollercoaster.  I *almost* left my room and thought,
"what if someone found my key and comes to take all my stuff
(computer) while I'm gone?"  I flipped a coin, "heads means I'll do
something about protecting my stuff.."  it was tails.  My stuff will
be safe.</p>

<p>I've gone from feeling like an idiot lost in a world where I cannot
speak nor read the language, carefully repeating "sumimasen," which is
a general "I'm sorry" good for slight bumps or inconveniences, then "I
lost my key" in slow words while pointing to my piece of paper on
which one of the people downstairs wrote in Japanese "charge for
losing key" on the receipt I received after paying 2100 yen.</p>

<p>Once I realized it didn't say "I lost my key," I had someone else
write "I lost my key" on a different piece of paper, but the kanji
looked close enough that I thought it was the same thing.</p>

<p>People who didn't know English gave me various responses when I
showed the first paper.  One cop showed me where the hotel is.
Close.</p>

<p>A girl soliciting money for the apparently helpless people who live
on a volcanic island and have no food could speak enough English to
tell me "same" when pointing to English "I LOST MY KEY" and the
Japanese script on the <em>second</em> piece of paper.  Ah.</p>

<p>Showed the second piece of paper and got faster results.  "Nope, no
key here, bub," but in Japanese of course.</p>

<p>In the building where the Nova office is located, one cat said,
"you follow please" and I followed him up an elevator and to a room
that said "EMERGENCY" where I showed the correct piece of paper.  They
hadn't seen a key.</p>

<p>Up to the Nova office where I had been for a second to see Cookie
(turns out he saw some of the others (Andrew, Janelle, Kevin I'm
guessing) meet up, but they weren't actually "by the clock" which is
where I understood we were to meet.  I didn't really think they'd be
there, which is why I didn't search around too much, but just wrote a
letter to Colleen sitting exactly underneath the huge clock).  They
hadn't seen a key either.</p>

<p>Back downstairs to where I had purchased stationery for writing
said letter.  Showed the second piece of paper and the woman instantly
said "ah" and turned around, grabbed the key.</p>

<p>"Arigato, arigato"  Thank you thank you.</p>

<p>Though I had intentionally kept my mood up, suddenly my mood
launched. I sang to myself:</p>

<pre>
"I found my key
I'm so happy
Everyone look at me
cause I found my key"
</pre>

<p>All the way back to the hotel.  I smilingly showed they key to one
of the girls who had helped me.  Up to the front desk I showed the key
and the receipt.  He took both and then gave me my 2100 yen back.</p>

<p>"But I still need a key."</p>

<p>"Ah, just one second please."</p>

<p>After a bit he returned with a new key.  Fair enough.</p>

<p>Back in my room I'm like, "I AM THE MOST POWERFUL MAN IN THE
WORLD!!!" for having negotiated through all of that to get my key and
my 2100 yen back, jack.  Aright.</p>

