---
title: Dream
tags: [ "dream" ]
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2003-03-31
---

<p class=date>6:24am JST Monday 31 March 2003</p>

<p class=dream>Riding around with Ryan McCarthy in his little car, we
were reminiscing about old times living and playing at the Bibby's
house.  About making toy paper B-52 bombers of various sizes, and
sometimes making two in a row cause all we had was time to do anything
we wanted.  "Oh and remember that one where we added all the extra
plastic and gum and shit on it?  It was so loaded down it was huge -
it could fly about this fast" I showed him by moving my hand as
through molasses.  "Yeah it was like a Logan" and I'm like "???  She
was not a big girl. She was tall but not big."</p>

<p class=dream>And we were way up in this telephone pole type thing
after having parked near a favorite food store of his.  Some stools
were slightly in the way in the street below us, like little 1 foot
tall bar stools.  We were yammering and laughing and a car below was
all wanting to get through, and had plenty of room, but was being all
cautious and stuff.  We waved this person on through and she got
through but the next car was just as slow and finally made it through.
The next car with an asian woman driving and her asian friend and two
poodles in the car was driving quite aggressively right on the bumper
of the second car and when the second car got through the asian driver
started knocking over the stools like in a pissed off manner, then
turned into the parking lot and ripped around the circle and back to
the stools and crashed through more of them more aggressively this
time.  She parked all askew in front of someone's house and got out
all normal like, "will our car be okay there?"</p>

<p class=dream>It was Catherine Nguyen, but she didn't recognize
me.</p>

<p class=dream>"Um, we don't own that property; we can't give you
permission to park there."</p>

<p class=dream>"Well where did you park?"</p>

<p class=dream>We told her and then she looked snootily over at the
idea of moving her car somewhere.</p>

<p class=dream>"But you'll watch it won't you?"</p>

<p class=dream>"We're just about to leave, but good luck."</p>

<p class=dream>"You know what, fuck 'em," referring to the owner of
the property in front of which she had parked.</p>

<p class=dream>"Yeah, that's just like what the Russians said," said
Ryan, making some political reference that I didn't get.</p>

<p class=dream>She got it and laughed, "Oh haha I bet you're a real
jerk."</p>

<p class=dream>"I'm as good as they come," he retorted.</p>

<p class=dream>And I'm thinking '<em>dammn how can they practically
seem to like each other by being so viscious?<em>' but I knew it was
all somehow a game they were playing.</p>

<p class=dream>She and her friend walked away and Ryan and I climbed
down to make good on our promise to leave and not watch her car.  I
kept thinking to myself, "man that girl is hot."</p>

<p class=dream>Then I was like, "oh shit I wonder if I'm late?" and we
checked the clock which kept calculating the time like a scale when
someone first steps on it and the wheel goes back and forth as it
centers on the weight.  It never got past 8pm.  So I figured I was
okay, but then I slowly realized I was dreaming and Matty would have
woken me up anyway.  Whew.</p>

