---
title: gift exchange
tags: xmas
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2015-12-24T23:32:31+09:00
---

## 23:32 Thursday 24 December 2015 JST

I bought the bear Lin wanted (after telling her repeatedly that I
would not).  It's been in a bag on the shelves next to my bed for
nearly a month I guess.

Last night before Lin got home, I took her oldest bear from its spot
in the living room and exchanged it with the new bear, which has
somewhat darker fur, but still "light brown" moreso that "dark brown"

Lin arrived hom and we sat on the couch to chat and she didn't notice
the bear!  Yay my plan worked!

After a while I was like, "so when am I going to get my presents???"
and she said "close your eyes" and gave me a cool headlamp with
rechargable batteries!

To present her with her present, I said, "open your eyes," hoping she
might think to look at the bears whose sibling she wants.  She might
have, but didn't notice, her perception having been overwritten with
my having said I wouldn't buy her a bear this year.

She didn't see the bear and was like, "surprise!  it's nothing!" when
I said "surprise!" hoping she would see it.

After a bit I said "okay close your eyes" and went to get the new
bear's bag container her old bear and her other present, which I
presented first.  I sang a freestyle close your eyes song to the tune
of the Bangels' "Eternal Flame".. something like

    close your eyes,
    hold out your hand
    baby
    and I will go get your present
	do you understand
	can you feel the anticipation?
    I hope you enjoy your present
	because it's the one
	that I got for you

I hid the bear bag by the couch and gave her the flat present which
was wrapped with a photocopy of some English article I had used for my
students.  Lin tried reading that to determine what was inside, and
opened it after a that proved to reveal nothing interesting.

"Surprise!"  Super special massage coupon, featuring some black boxes
next to the names of the months.  She parsed it as I realized there
was nothing keeping her from drawing more squares on the thing..  and
then she was like, "hey wait a minute! How long is the massage?  The
ones Travis gets for Yumi say how long the massage will be!"

"one minute each!"

"What??"

I ended the conversation by putting the bear bag in her lap.  She saw
the shop branding and was like, "yay!!" and hugged it.

The youtube video id is here: dNH7V7vXjTQ   Please don't post the vid on
social media.

So yeah, good times!
