---
title: Anyone who speaks the language can teach the language
tags: [ "false" ]
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2015-12-28T23:49:56+09:00
---

## 23:49 Monday 28 December 2015 JST

This is the second statement for us to ponder, after "Language is like
cake."

### Anyone who speaks the language can teach the language

(I cropped from the final version the indented crap in the middle)

I apparently taught my brother how to count, just through repetition.
This was at an age early enough that I don't remember it.  Animals
learn through repetition; we learn through repetition.  Repetition
accounts for many types of learning, but is the teacher actually
teaching? Is a lioness teaching when she hunts?  I dunno, but her prey
better learn quickly or risk failing the pop quiz.  This kind of
learning really comes down to the learner, not the teacher.

This is the essential difference between learning a native language
and learning a second language.  Bootstrapping the native language out
of nothing comes from sheer repetition, while learning a second
language uses the first language as a framework for the concepts of
communication.

In some cases, the similarity of the native language framework means
the second language will come rather easily.  It's no secret that
Romance languages are similar.  It's probably relatively easy to find
people who can teach between these languages.


    Italian, French, Spanish Just look at the similarities here
    http://ielanguages.com/romance_phrases.html
    
    In my case, I've basically given up learning Japanese; the grammar is
    backwards, the writing is insane, and a great amount of cultural
    knowledge is required just to figure out what's going on.
    
    My American English framework (and sheer laziness) are a poor starting
    place for learning Japanese.
    
    Hmm I seem to have veered off topic.
    
    So the mythical magical teacher who can lead a horse to water *and*
    make him drink is darn near impossible to find.

But what about languages which are quite different? R.L.G. says
"languages farther from your own in the linguistic family tree will be
harder for you to learn." (1) Therefore, I posit the art of presenting
a target language to native speakers of a dissimilar language in a way
that it can fit within the student's existing language framework *and*
remain interesting enough to keep the student motivated must surely be
honed over years of practice!

1. [The Economist explains What makes a language difficult?](http://www.economist.com/blogs/economist-explains/2013/08/economist-explains-19)
