---
title: Angstroms
tags: []
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2002-01-13
---

<p class=date>8am Sunday 13 January 2002</p>

<p>I cleared out several messages from my email inbox and found this from
last year.</p>

<p><b>Special Seminar</b></p>

<p><b>11:00 am, Thursday, 2/22, 200-203 (Note - this is on the far corner of
the main quad)</b></p>

<p><b>Thermal Engineering at Extreme Scales</b></p>

<p>Samuel S. Mao
<br>Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory</p>

<p><b>ABSTRACT</b></p>

<p>Research in science and technology at small length and time scales is
taking place in a growing number of laboratories throughout the world. New
phenomena that manifest themselves at the nanometer scale will dominate the
operation of miniaturized devices that may revolutionize information and
biological technologies. New processing and probing approaches based on
ultrafast laser technology will facilitate efficient fabrication and
diagnostics in the small dimensions. Despite substantial progress in
understanding laser processing of electronic materials, in particular, at
the nanosecond and longer time scales, it remains a considerable challenge
to elucidate the underlying mechanisms for picosecond laser-material
interactions. In this seminar, recent experimental and theoretical
developments on picosecond laser ablation will be discussed. Picosecond
time-resolved process diagnostics will be presented along with the
observation of a short-lifetime, microscale plasma that is responsible for
an unexpected reduction of ultrafast laser ablation efficiency. A theory is
also developed for picosecond energy transport in semiconductors. In
addition to ultrafast laser engineering, this seminar will provide an
overview of the research that the author has been carrying out in the field
of nanotechnology. These activities include development of patterned
nanowire systems for photonic applications; thermal modeling of
nano-structured surface-emitting semiconductor lasers; experimental
investigations of interface properties of nanoscale particles; and fluid
dynamics in two-dimensional molecular films.</p>

