---
title: three
tags: []
author: Rob Nugen
date: 1992-02-21
---

<p class=note>(transcribed from Book Two of my diary)</p>

<p class=date>Thursday, February 21, 1992 11:59PM</p>

<p>Today 3 things:

<ol>
<li><p>During physics I wrote a little note for Maggie.  I said, "I
want to take you to Enchanted Rock and walk around and everything."
(I wanted to put 'and make out' instead of "and everything," but I
didn't.)  She wrote back, "What brings this on?"  I said, "Honestly
and bluntly, and I know there's nothing you can or want to do about
it, but I'm jealous of John." (John her boyfriend) She wrote back, "I
think we need to talk about this."  We didn't get a chance to, but we
will someday.

<li><p>After physics, Maggie, Heather and I went to Lynn Eusan Park,
where they had lots of stands set up with different games.  The 3 of
us competed in The Family Feud game.  I had no shoes on (as usual for
the past 2 weeks) so we called ourselves the 4 shoes.  We didn't win,
but it was quite fun.  The other cool thing was that I was wearing my
glasses, but it didn't affect anyone else.  Surprise surprise... I
still acted funny and loud and flirty and got just as many laughs,
etc. as with my contacts... Then Maggie Laura and I went to
Kroger. Then we watched the Simpsons and then Laura and I went out.

<li><p>Laura and I were going to talk about our relationship I had
thought, but she thought we were going to talk about ourselves, so
that's what we did.  Oh well.  I had wanted to tell her that I don't
really want a big relationship with her if she's going to have a
negative, worrysome attitude.  I dealt with Tammy's similar attitude
and I don't want to again.

<li><p>As I left, I met Jeanine.  We hugged and talked for a few
minutes.  We both needed a hug. Tomorrow, she's going to put $5.00 for
me on a horse with a 2 word, 3 syllable name.  Later
