---
title: "work"
tags: [ "work", "ab", "jb", "ssc" ]
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2018-06-06T21:33:07+09:00
---

## 21:33 Wednesday 06 June 2018 JST

I worked for JB at three different locations around Kawasaki Station
today, as I do every Wednesday, at Solid Square, SSC, and JB main
office.  Solid Square lesson went pretty well; we drew mind maps of
our favorite places and then said a few sentences about them.  Then I
had a break during which I Marco Poloed with Richard from ae911truth a
bit and then worked on AB, nearly finishing this ticket since it
received a bit higher priority at our last meeting.

SSC featured lunch with Tomoko and then she reminded me of M's
birthday yesterday and bought a present "from me" which I wrapped.
Then lesson with Tomoko and head out to JB (via bus cause it's kinda
raining) and I spent some time working on AB and nearly nearly got the
ticket finished.

Four JB lessons each Wednesday: two lessons with kids and then two
with adults.  New student in the kids lessons is pretty genki, and may
have a good effect on the others.  We had them write some letters N+1
times and then practiced language "I have a _____" using different
plastic fruit.  We had tried "I have a _____" and "I want a _____" but
they kept getting "have" and "want" mixed up, so I switched it to only
"have" because I remember not being able to distinguish the words for
library and post office for a long time because I had learned them on
the same day.

In second class I used the same fruit to lay out a fake city, hoping
they would enjoy giving directions with fruit as landmarks.  It did
not work as well as I hoped; they prefered playing various sports with
the plastic fruits (which I can understand, but was frustrating for a
bit).  They finally got into it a little bit, but then *really* got
interested with Kazu brought in his computer with an animated game
version of giving directions.

In the third class, we used past perfect(?) e.g. "I have worked in _____
for ____" and "I have lived in _____" because the language pattern
came up in their banter at the beginning of classes.

In the fourth class, they were not saying much, and I was getting
tired, so I invited them to tell me their favorite fairy tale in
Japanese.  They told me the story of Peach Boy.  Their version seemed
to be missing a lot of possible sub-plots; I wonder how it was
originally written.

## 21:51 Wednesday 06 June 2018 JST

I have been writing this on the train from Yako to Tsudayama, and am
feeling super tired.

If I had my way, I would be magically transported home from here.
Thank god for Lin who usually picks me up from our station on
Wednesdays.
