---
title: Austin Rally by Sean Murray
tags: YRUU
author: Sean Murray
date: 1998-03-09
---

<h1>1998 Austin rally review by Sean Murray</h1>

<hr>

<pre>

Well we left OKC Friday night at about 6:00 which put us in austin
around 2 in the am. Even though it was a real long drive and Adam kept
flicking me in the back of the head on the way there and Susanne kept
sticking her toes in my ear, it was all worth it to see everybody that I
hadn't seen since Dallas. We got there just in time for opening circle
so sat in the circle while Blake told us all the rules and stuff. After
she was done everyone scattered like a pack of frightened chinchillas to
hang out with there rally buddies. So then this cop walks in and starts
grabbing kids and we're all goin' "hey what's going on here"? Well it
turns out that a few people were doin' "stuff" that's listed as "bad" in
the big four. So guess who got sent to the safe house? That's right,
those kids who were bein' naughty. Which just goes to show ya that it
doesn't pay to violate the big four. Well after awhile everybody started
to calm down and everything went back to normal. Aaron and Kris started
doing there usual routine of playing guitar and singing. Tiffany and
susanne ran away and hid like usaual to practice something for the
talent show that they'll end up being to embaressed or shy to play and
Maia just walked around being socialy smooth. Then after
awhile.......................... ...OH WAIT!!! I wasn't at the Austin
Rally. Whoops I forgot!!! Beleive it or not there is a message in all of
this. Basically, I rember being excited once I got home from a rally so
I could get on the internet and read the rally reviews and look at
pictures from the rally. But Nobody's  written anything since OKC 98'and
there haven't been any pictures sent in since SWUUSI 97'. Bassically
what I'm trying to say is that it's not that hard to write a rally
review( I just wrote a partial on for Austin asnd I wasn't even there).
So if somebody will please write Reviews for New Orleans, SWUUSI and
Austin I promise I'll write a real long one for Tulsa. And if anybody
has pictures from any rallies within the past year scan them onto a disk
and send them to <a href=mailto:swdyruu@cheerful.com>swdyruu@cheerful.com</a>. PLEASE!!!!!!! Thanks and I
love you all.

Sean Murray
<a href=mailto:zuluwarrior@juno.com>zuluwarrior@juno.com</a>

</pre>
<p>
