---
title: astroworld pics
tags: []
author: Rob Nugen
date: 1998-03-13
---


<p>These were taken while I was at Astroworld during Season Pass Sneak Preview day on 13 March 1998

<p>There are 9 pictures about 74k each, so chill for a second.
<br>If they don't come up, you can click on an image to view it.
<br>These images are all available
<a href="/images/coasters/houston/ttt/">here</a>


<p><a href="/images/coasters/houston/ttt/ttt_twilight.gif"> <img
src="/images/coasters/houston/ttt/ttt_twilight.gif" alt="first two
loops"></a> This shows the first two loops of Taz's Texas Tornado. The
white one is first, and then the black one immediately after.  When
you ride, be sure to sit up straight through these loops, as the
shoulder harnesses ratchet down pretty tightly.<br> I estimate these
two loops (plus their entry and exit) give 800 degrees of loop.  The
train completes both loops within 15 seconds after it completes the
initial ascent.  They are so fast and smooth that I could not tell
where I was when I rode with my eyes closed.

<p><hr width="50%">

<p><a href="/images/coasters/houston/ttt/ttt_loops.gif"><img
src="/images/coasters/houston/ttt/ttt_loops.gif" alt="last two
loops"></a> On the left of this image are the other two loops on the
ride.  They are much more evenly spaced, like at 30 and 45 seconds of
the full 60 second ride time (not including ascent).<br> The second of
these loops (smaller and further away) is pretty much a corkscrew and
jerks toward the left as it exits.

<p><hr width="50%">

<p><a href="/images/coasters/houston/ttt/clyde_before.gif"><img
src="/images/coasters/houston/ttt/clyde_before.gif" alt="before"></a>
Clyde Drexler and friends before riding.  Before she got on, the woman
was asked (off camera by someone in line) "who are those kids?"  She
said, "um, well, I think... um.. I have no idea."

<p><hr width="50%">

<p><a href="/images/coasters/houston/ttt/clyde_after.gif"><img
src="/images/coasters/houston/ttt/clyde_after.gif" alt="after"></a>
Clyde and them after riding.  After the obvious questions, Clyde said,
"it was good," and "no, I think once is enough."

<p><hr width="50%">

<p><a href="/images/coasters/houston/ttt/on_ttt_2.gif"><img
src="/images/coasters/houston/ttt/on_ttt_2.gif" alt="before first
drop"></a> This is near the very beginning of the ride, between the
lift and the first drop, which is visible just to the right of the
right hand rail.

<p><hr width="50%">

<p><a href="/images/coasters/houston/ttt/on_ttt_1.gif"><img
src="/images/coasters/houston/ttt/on_ttt_1.gif" alt="?"></a> I have no
idea where on the ride this is.

<p><hr width="50%">

<p><a href="/images/coasters/houston/ttt/ttt_station.gif"><img
src="/images/coasters/houston/ttt/ttt_station.gif" alt="upside down
wack-out shot"></a> I think this is taken from within one of the first
two loops. The "top" of the picture is toward the right. That white
rectangle is the roof of the station.

<p><hr width="50%">

<p><a href="/images/coasters/houston/ttt/ttt_uvj.gif"><img
src="/images/coasters/houston/ttt/ttt_uvj.gif" alt="universal
joint"></a> This is one of like 30 universal joints on the drive shaft
that drove the booster wheels to pull the train to the top of the
first drop.

<p><hr width="50%">

<p><a href="/images/coasters/houston/ttt/ttt_viper.gif"><img
src="/images/coasters/houston/ttt/ttt_viper.gif" alt="Tornado and
Viper"></a> This is the Tornado next to the initial drop of The Viper
(with a tunnel around it).  I loved Viper when it first came out, and
I still do.  But Tornado is like Viper times 4.<br> The rides are
literally right next to each other.

<p>
