---
title: soml 13-mar-1998
tags: soml
author: Rob Nugen
date: 1998-03-13
---

<title>State of My Life</title>

<p class=date>12:30am Friday 13 March 1998</p>
<p>

Some years ago I heard the President's <em>State of the Union</em> address and I thought it would be cool if I wrote <em>State of My Life</em> addresses in my diary.  
<p>
They go something like this:
<p>
Friday 13 March 1998<br>
<b>STATE OF MY LIFE</b>
<p>
<ol>
<li>
I am flat tired of living with Wende but I'm too fucking scared to tell her because I don't want to break her heart.<br>
(This is probably the 1 thing I needed to get off my chest; how ironic that I can tell the whole world but not Wende. I'm not really telling the world, though; almost no one visits my page anymore.  Well, except for you, and I appreciate it.)
</li>
<li>
I have been King of my I-Group for the past 4 weeks.  This coming Monday we will be meeting at Dave and Buster's instead of at our normal place.
</li>
<li>
I learned that Manda, one of my ex-girlfriends, and actually the one ex-girlfriend I think about most, was in a major accident, but walked away physically unscathed.  I haven't actually talked to her about it, but heard about it from her mom.
</li>
<li>
The disk drive on my computer goes into sleep mode every minute or so, even if I'm working on it and typing and stuff. If I'm in a bad mood, it further pisses me off to have to wait for it to cycle back on.  See? it just did it again.
</li>
<li>
I have just gotten back into gymnastics class; I think I wrote that in a previous entry.  The first night I started, I was able to do round-off back flips.  Big tall ones.<br>
The next week, I was able to do round-off back flips and punch fronts (front flips).<br>
The next week, I worked on the runway trampoline on back handsprings and was able to do them pretty well, and I even did some back handspring back flips.  Cool.<br>
Currently the gym is closed for 2 weeks so they can move to a bigger facility next door.
</li>
<li>
My stretch in I-group was to spend some money on myself. That week, I purchased an Astroworld Season Pass, and I am way excited about it.<br>
The coolest thing is they just built a new coaster that has 4 loops!!!  I am so excited that I might go on opening day, which is tomorrow!
</li>
<li>
I need to get some new glasses.
</li>
<li>
I would like to spend more time on myself... more time writing on my webpage, more time meditating.. but for some reason I just haven't been doing that.  I cite Wende living with me as the reason I don't, but I'm not sure that's a good reason.  I don't know what the deal is.
</li>
<li>
At work, I just finished the latest version of invoice_lookup_server, and I am really proud of it. The main addition I made allows it to read information from an RDB (Relational Database) using SQL (Structured Query Language).  I have designed it so any query can be made on any database, and the format of the output is pretty darn flexible. New queries may be added, and existing queries may be changed without a coding change.  All of the queries and formatting are defined in text files and can be changed no problem.
</li>
<li>
At work, I am supposed to begin working with Allen on a project, but I'm not looking forward to it because Allen is a dork and the project requires changing some old old old crappy crappy crappy code.  It's a monster program written in PL/1 and I'm not happy about working on it.
</li>
<li>
It's 2:34am.<br>
I wrote the above 10 entries and just now spent almost 1 hour separating my 1997 and 1998 journal entries into two directories. I feel good to have gotten that cleaned up.<br>
My next goal will be to rename the 1997 entries.  Realistically, I may never do that.
</li>
</ol></p>
