---
title: AM
tags: []
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2001-06-02
---

<p class=date>8:17am Saturday 2 June 2001</p>

<p>This morning Wende read snippets from her book
<em></em> by Gillian Roberts, which she stayed up late
last night to finish.  Great writing, and quite funny,
especially for a sleepy 1 AM brain reading it.</p>

<p>I got an email from Fred today!  (This in itself is
amazing)  Even more exciting is that he has chosen to
attend UT in Austin!  Wow!  Wende says "I'll believe
it when he moves in."  She's excited, too.</p>

<pre>
   Date:        Sat, 2 Jun 2001 00:12:05 -0700 (PDT)
     To:        Rob
Subject:        G!
   From:        Fred

So I got your phone message and your postcard from
Australia;
unfortunately, Stanford has sucked me up and I haven't
had the time to
stay in touch.  (Also, my messy room sucked up the
postcard until
recently.)  However, I am now officially asking you
about the
following:  

  duty free film
  skateboard park
  vegemite
  747 video display
  plastic money
  kangaroo fat
  Aussie rules

In other news (as you may have heard from Dad), I
decided not to
attend Ohio State after all, and am going to go to
UT-Austin next
year.  I haven't told Ma, yet; I guess I should do
that.  

Big Dan (my unicycle) is doing fine.  I haven't ridden
it in a while.
I took it to Columbus with me and showed it to Pete
'n' them.  At the
time I had gotten to the point where I could
(inconsistently) ride
about thirty feet before falling.  So pretty soon I'll
be just good
enough to be dangerous, as it were.  

Classes are going well, though it's now time to buckle
down and really
get to work--next week is dead week.  Between now and
the end of the
year I have two hard problem sets, two final project
papers, one Java
servlet bookstore to write, and one final exam.  Wish
me luck.  

Time to get bakc to work,

-g
</pre>

<p>Awesome.</p>

<p>I can tell he's preoccupied because he misspelled
"back."  (Will someone tell me why (if) it's correct
grammar to put the period inside the quotation marks,
even though now the quotation marks do not contain
what was written???)</p>

<p><img src="/images/rob/wL-ROB.gif"/></p>

###comments


<p><b>Name:</b> Scout

<p><b>Email:</b> owlchaser80@ *redacted*

<p><b>Comment:</b>
<br>RE: I can tell he's preoccupied because he misspelled "back." (Will someone tell me why (if) it's correct grammar to put the period inside the quotation marks, even though now the quotation marks do not contain what was written???)<br>
<br>
I've often wondered this myself and vaguely remember this discussion with Guinevere at the Castle.

