---
title:  OKC sunday am
tags: []
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2001-06-10
---

<p class=date>8:21 am Sunday 10 June 2001</p>

<p>I feel exceptiionally blessed that I have been allowed to sleep
through cleanup.  I wonder if it's unfair to the community, or
ultiately in the greater good because they can all sleep on the way
home, and I will likely have to drive.  (Please note: I did clear with
Susie and Denise that they would drive home first, and I would sleep
the first few hours, giving me a total of about 6 hours of sleep
before driving the remaining 4 hours home.)</p>  

<p>Allison is climbing out of a tree.  There is yelling outside.
Announcing closing circle.  I'm going to pack my stuff and go.</p>

<p class=date>8:39 am</p>

<p>I was just asked by Scottie et. al. to do Aristasha (long version).
We had plenty of time so I didn't have to do Aristasha (short
version).  I wonder if we can make up a workable Aristasha (extended
remix), or maybe Aristasha (dance mix) haha okay, I'm taking this too
far.</p>

<p>But the reason I'm writing is that Katy R is funny.  Advertising
SWUUSI:</p>

<p>Elizabeth:  "What is SWUUSI??"</p>

<p>Katy: "It's week! It's a rally!  It's a week long rally!"</p>

<p>Heheeheee that was funny.</p>

<p>You have given me a treasure.  I love you so.</p>

<p class=date>10:57 am</p>

<p>We ate at IHOP; I left a pretty big tip because we pretty much
inundated the waitstaff, and our waitress was cute cute.</p>

<p>Hugs and hugs and hugs and hugs many times over, several tears from
some youth and hopefully supportive words from me.</p>

<p class=date>1:43 pm</p>

<p>During the trip so far, Gram and Brian have been talking only about
computer security.  I pretty much haven't been able to follow any of
their conversation, even if I had been fully awake.</p>

<p>We just stopped for munchies and wizzies.  I got ice cream and
cookies. Ryan flirted with the Subway Sandwiches Girl.  Pat got
fluorescent green sour squirt candy.  Hethre got attacked by a fly on
her (Hethre's) way to get ice cream. Cassie and Hethre complained
about computer science class (an indirect tangent conversation of Gram
and Brian's) in which they are learning C++ as their first language!
Allison said she had already waited the 30 minutes. Betsy chose
between chocolate and pistachios. Tanner got his snack for
$1.86. Christina slept in the car.  Other people did other things. We
all marveled to hear that Houston had received thirty five inches of
rain.</p>

<p class=date>1:58 pm</p>

<p>We just drove by an auto dealership with four cars out front, each
with their hood up, and three of which each had a large letter.  They
apparently are selling ALE.  Nice.</p>

<p class=date>6pm</p>

<p>Back at First Church.  So amazing to see the water lines where
water lines shouldn't be.  After we clean out the van, I am going to
go ride my bike around and see what I can see.</p>
