---
title: Sidetracked
tags: []
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2001-06-12
---

<p class=date>12:11pm Tuesday 12 June 2001</p>

<p>I haven't worked yet today, but I've been at work
since 9am or so.  I answered a few work related emails
(I guess that counts) and then started searching
online for images of the flood.  Not closeups of
people being saved, but ones that show how high the
water was in places that are designed for people, not
fish.</p>

<p>I found on Lycos some news reports unrelated to the
flood, but about computer security - something called
TEMPEST, which is the code name for the, um.. research
being done on how to read electronic emissions from a
distance.  Like how to carefully analyze the
electromagnetic signals being generated by a monitor
to determine what it is displaying.  Even through
walls and shit.</p>

<p>And one of the pages said, "did you mean to look
for Tempest, the Atari video game?" and gave a link to
Tempest, the Atart video game.  I read an interview by
the creator, and learned that Tempest is the most
highly collected arcade game ever.  Wow.  How ironic
that while we were in San Antonio in 1985 or so, I saw
a Tempest game for sale for $400.  I REALLY REALLY
wanted the game, but my dad said no.</p>

<p>Actually I think he said, maybe, or we can look for
one in Houston.</p>

<p>I don't know that I would still want it, but I
might enjoy a game sometime.</p>

<p>But the point of this entry is to say I'm about to
post the OKC Silent Football game entries on my site,
as typed by Ben and Lauren.</p>

<p>Click the "previous" link a couple of times to get
to it.</p>

<p><img src="/images/rob/wL-ROB.gif"/></p>
