---
title: to Austin
tags: 
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2001-06-12
---

<p class=date>11:14 pm Tuesday 12 June 2001</p>

<p>I'm on my way to Austin, stopped in Giddings at the gas station
with the nice restaurant-caliber restrooms.  I like supporting them.
However, the woman was all, "do you have your shoes?"  as I walked
in.</p>

<p>"No, do you have them?"</p>

<p>"You need to wear shoes to walk around in here."</p>

<p>"Do you want me to pay?"</p>

<p>"Oh, you're going to pay."</p>

<p>"Well, here I come."  and I walked around the aisle to get to the
register.  </p>

<p>"Oh, you're going to be difficult about this.."</p>

<p>And she proceeded to tell me that it's important to wear shoes
because I could get a disease or something, but the funniest thing she
said was that "things aren't like they used to be."  Now, she wasn't
too old.  Maybe like 35.  How did things used to be?  How are things
now?  don't you think I've thought about all this?</p>

<p>I paid, and mostly politely listened to her blah blah blah, but I
certainly didn't buy any snack.  I guess I'll support their store next
time I come through if she doesn't fucking harass me about shoes.
Shoes in a gas station?  who has ever heard of such a thing?</p>

<p class=date>12:58 am Wednesday 13 June 2001</p>

<p>Got slightly lost on the way here, but now I'm at the place where I
had a reservation.  but there is no one here in the office, and 3
people (grandma and two youth about 10 and 13 years old) are sayiing
that they also had a reservation, but no one is here and they can't
even get anyone to answer the phone that the sign says to use if the
office is closed.  And, they assured me the rooms are a mess with
beetles in them.  Ew.</p>

<p>I'm going across the way to Comfort Suites.</p>

<p class=date>1:25 am</p>

<p>Visited the Comfort Inn, about 150 yards away and found the
<em>last</em> single was available, though it was marked dirty.  I
checked the room and found it to be quite clean.  He said maybe they
were planniing to do some repair on it, but I could certainly stay
their tonight.  I have set the alarm for 7:30am.  Good night.</p>
