---
title: Austin 2 music
tags: []
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2001-06-13
---

<p class=date>1:28 am Thursday 14 June 2001</p>

<p>Yikes it's late.  And it will be even later before I leave Sally's;
my clothes are being washed cause they were all stinky with smoke from
the club and I didn't want to put them near my other clothes or even
in my bag at all, plus they were my only clean clothes.</p>

<p>I'm supposed to be at the training center in 7 hours.  No worries,
mate.</p>

<p>We went to Antone's as La Tribu played everyone's favorite merengue
y salsa hits.  They even had a salsa training lesson.  Sally was quite
supportive and said I was doing really well, but man it sure felt
weird and not like I was doing very well at all.  I'm a lot more
comfortable with Rob's Crazy Dance to the droning or breaking beats of
a rave or jungle party.</p>

<p>Not that I've been to too many of those.</p>

<p class=date>1:47 am</p>

<p>sleep.</p>

<p class=date>3:51 am</p>

<p>Awake.  Sally was a fabulous hostess, on the same calibre as
Maggie.  I'm going to Stacy and Rodd's house now.</p>

<p class=date>4:40 am</p>

<p>On the way home I talked to Alexis, a DJ at KVRX.  Asked her to
play one of my favorite KTRU songs by S.O.L.O.  She'll look for it.  I
really really like KVRX!</p>

<p>Moment of truth:....???  S.O.L.O.  song 'fish Happens' on KVRX?
False.  Oh well.  I just requested it.  Alexis is the DJ; she may
check out my show on Saturday night; that would be cool to get a call
from her!</p>

<p>If so, I will definitely play Fish Happens.  I have just made it to
Stacy and Rodd's..  I didn't get lost.  Oh, I left my dome light on
inside Scott while hanging out with Sally.  Oh well.  Scott started no
worries.  He was on a hill anyway, so I could have done a
clutch-popping start.</p>
