---
title: ginnie
tags: []
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2001-06-23
---

<p class=date>24 June 2001</p>

<p>Wow.  This is from a friend of mine from YRUU back
in the day when I was in YRUU.  I knew her as Ginnie,
but she's apparently changed her name.</p>

<p>I snail mailed her some weeks ago and have gotten a
postcard from her (no return address), and this email 
(with return address)</p>

<p>SO Awesome to hear of her incredible journey!</p>

<pre>
--- virginia wrote:
Subject: Gin in Rennes
Date: Sat, 23 Jun 2001 12:34:45 

greetings from the Camino, i am in a big city in
Bretagne, France (nw) and have taken care of alot of
business, like internet stuff and photo development
and the Festival of Music. HeeHee:) That party was
crazy, i didn't even get out until after 1am- and
there was still hundreds of thousands of people drunk
and dancing in the streets, hanging off the statues
and lots of extra friendly shoving. It was the summer
solstice party and groups were playing on almost every
corner and in the train station, bus station, in the
streets and all the plazas. It was a crazy party,
somewhat rare in France. A good way to celebrate my
first leg of the pilgrimage:). 

I have passed 5 people on the camino so far, the first
two had walked to Galicia two years ago, and invited
me to come stay with them for the night and share
stories of life and travels. They had a pretty good
map of the trail. A map is relative, the route i am
taking is one of the least traveled, and about once a
day(most of the time about 7 times) looses all
continunity, and i resort to my compass. The nice
thing about such a long walk alone,is there is no need
to worry, i will eventually arrive to where ever it is
i am going (or not). So far i have met the most
incredible country folk way off the trail. Most of the
creatures i meet along the way are cows, and they are
like courious puppies. Even large herds get up and run
over to meet me and walk and sometimes play silly
games with me until we come to the end of their field.
I learned that singing very loud stimulates my left
brain, and walking stimulates the right. To stay in
balance i sing alot(the cows listen, with curious
puppie dog expressions); the black and white cows are
the funniest. Enough about my friends the cows.
Singing soothes my poor feet, and inspires the deep
breathing i am working on. 

People seem very amazed about my pilgrimage. I was
followed out of the post office yesterday by someone
who needed spiritual healing regarding a psychosematic
ankle problem he has had. He knew that this pilgrim
could help him, and although it was a bit of a bizzare
exchange for me, he seemed to feel differently about
his problem. I told him pain was a part of life,
especially on a pilgrimage, getting over it and beyond
it is essential to maintan vitality. That is my small
lesson of the week, of the life. That was not the
first time i have had an encounter like that, but i
don't think it will be the last. It is kind of nice to
be a source of inspiration to someone beside myself. 

My trip to Le Mont St. Michelle (where i officially
began) along the northern coast of France was
excellent, i decided after really boring train rides
that i would hitch-hike a little, and wow did i meet
some great folks. i have started a short story about
my last è car rides. i hope they will be my last
automobile rides for a while. I worked on a delivery
truck for a day, was even offered a position! We
delivered stuff to the famious french bakeries,
ohlala! I was a bit crushed to find out that the
delicious crossiants come in a box!!! what, why can't
they export those boxes to the rest of the world,
cause there is no crossiant like one in the morning
here, it is amazing. A small but devine pleasure
indeed. 

I have been notified that my very good friend Dennis
¨The Bird Man¨ Smith died a few weeks ago. He worked
with raptors, and could even talk with and understand
those incredible birds; The day after i found out i
found a variety of a barred owl dead on the side of
the road. It had just been hit by a car, and even
though it suffered from a broken neck, i did a cardiac
massage anyway. I took it to a castle and burried it
in an oak grove, listening to an owl hoot in the tree
above. It was in someway a send off. I was his angel,
now he is mine. We never really loose each other
anyway. 

My idea is that i am leaving the city today, and
looking at the map that i have, it might be a while
before i get to another junction where i can find a
computer. Of course I never really know, anything
could happen. The route is anything but direct, even
on the map going north, than east, then south and in
general not really heading towards spain, but i don't
care, it is beautiful, i have my compass, guns are
illegal here, the people even when not friendly are
not in any way threatening or mean, and the adventure
is in every step. I hope to walk along the coast to
spain, or just walk along the coast for a long as i
want. A good friend of mine from Holland plans to walk
with me for a couple of weeks. Of course anyone who
would like to join me is welcome, but in terms of
domestic life, there is none. It is almost survival
(cheeze, bread and wine survivvvvvvval), no really, it
took me years to prepare for this trip and i feel
physically, mentally, spiritually and what is the
other???...well, prepared for what ever might happen.
I have run out of water a couple of times and that is
no fun, but life brings an oasis just when i hope it
will. Until the next adventure story, love and
laughter to you in big doses. ULTREA! gin
</pre>
