---
title: dreams
tags: []
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2001-06-30
---

<p class=date>9:03 am  Saturday 30 June 2001</p>

<p class=note>dream</p>

<p class=dream>In a schhool, Mr Bandecca was teaching, and I carried
Wende on one hip as if she were my baby, and was all, this is Wende,
my girl.... friend' jut wanted you to meet her.  and someone else was
still teaching class so mr bandecca came out and showed us the latest
project he was working on, which was still a big secret and it was
having the Harlem Globetrotters come do a demonstration thing / movie
at the school and I was trying to cover up what he was working on to
keep it a secret and Bryan Beck came up all, "what are you doing?"
And I was all, "can't show you" but he said he already knew that the
Globe Trotters were coming, and the there was a huge crowd all around
me as we were sitting outside in an assembly type thing listening to
some guy talk about a movie he was going to write and the main
character was a bad guy from previous movies but he was being played
by a different actor this time, and the announcer was all, "he wasn't
bad enough in the first movie, but he realized that with a more round
face and larger nose, he could be the terror of the world" as the new
actor didn't look anything like the old actor. And then someone was
tapping on my shoulder, but I didn't know who so I got up and went
over to the side of the group and looked back and it was my brother
Fred and I motioned for him to come over, and he motioned, "no you
come over here" and I walked closer to where he was and he wanted to
show me a project that he was working on about something he was doing
at school, and then the movie advertisement was showing the bad guy
giving noogies to the protagonist in the movie and he turned out to be
the same actor as the male protagonist in the movie so he was all,
Yeah I'll be doing two different parts, but I can do it.  and I woke
up.</p>

<p>----</p>

<p class=note>previous dream</p>

<p class=dream>met Barbara bush and Tammy's mom and we were going to
follow them to somewhere. I gave BB a hug and she was sad that her son
didn't win again,..........</p>

<p>(went and took pictures of Karston and Wende and Stacy, then Rodd
and I went down to the lake to chill and talk.. (dream is vaporized
from my brain))</p>

