---
date: '2020-08-18T05:43:35+09:00'
dream: 'https://robnugen.com'
journal: journal
posttype: journal
published: true
slug: 5f3aebf7
---

<p class='dream'>I was in port watching PB and I recognized some of the staff on the voyage.  They were one level above us and I shouted up to them to say hello.  I was wearing socks but wanted to say I was barefoot Rob. </p>

<p class='dream'>Then I was on the boat sitting next to a woman passenger who I had just met.  One of my friends came swimming out to say hello as we sailed away.  We had played a verbal game on our shared voyage and she began a new game and offered her first word by saying "blue".  The first word that came to mind for me was "チュ" she looked surprised at first but then we kissed briefly as my boat sailed away.</p>

<p class='dream'>I nearly cried as I sat back in my seat, and I said to the woman beside me who was a first time passenger, "the connections last a lifetime even though I don't remember her name."</p>

<p class='dream'>I really wanted to write down my experience but could not find my journal.  I went back to where I had been sitting as we debated whether they would do the announcements the same way as they had on our voyage.</p>

<p class='dream'>The time for announcements past and it was now party time and I still couldn't find my notebook so I neither had a schedule nor the ability to write in my journal.</p>

<p class='dream'>I found my phone and started writing a journal entry with my phone, but it wasn't working correctly. I couldn't figure out why until I realized it was a dream.</p>
