---
title: wild skating adventure
tags: skate
author: Rob Nugen
date: 1993-07-04
---

<p class=date>July 1993</p>

<p>I went out on a Thursday night a couple of months ago and met some
skater dudes, and we skated down parking garages, and through a tunnel
underground that connects some underground garages. We had to haul ass
through the tunnel because there was a security guard down there, and
we are *not* supposed to be there.  I was not great at going up or
down steps, but I had to learn really quickly in the tunnel.</p>

<p>I went on roller blades to the Freedom Festival out by Allen
Parkway for the 4th of July.  It was super cool.  I met about 30
skater people, many of whom are part of the Urban Animals, a skater
group in the city.  I met a girl named Beth, and she and I went people
surfing while singing the melody to the Hawaii Five-O theme song.
People surfing means whizzing through the crowds of people at high
speed and trying not to hit anyone.  We did great.  We were flying
through the crowds as I would yell, "break right!"  or "break left!"
so we would zip around to the right or left hand side of the next
people clog (for lack of a better word).  Very cool.</p>

<p>At the end of the fire works display, all 100,000 people at the
show got up and left at the same time.  That was a major traffic, bike
and people jam. Cars were too darn big to move, people with bikes
found it too crowded to ride, and pedestrians were just slow because
they aren't on wheels.  However(!), we 30 or so skater dudes were on
wheels, so we could haul butt, and we were people-sized, so we were
maneuverable. All 30 of us went racing and howling (literally) through
the crowds of cars and people and everything and everyone just parted
like the Red Sea. People in the crowd would stop to watch or howl with
us as we whizzed by.  We skated entirely across the city twice during
the night, and I was out with them until about 2am.  That was so
fantastic.</p>
