---
date: 2006-12-15T10:50:53+09:00
slug: the-soldiers-reply-to-the-desperate-question-where-shall-we-live-we-gave-you-a-tent-last-time
title: Life in Walajah
tags: [ "guest writer", "palestine", "suzy xx", "terror" ]
---

##10:50 Friday 15 December 2006

Hi everyone,
It's been a while since my last mass email and I've had a couple of
those "are you still alive" emails that I love as they prove to me
that you all miss me (ie they're good for my ego!) and make me laugh!
I have to say that I've started writing this email a few times, but
every time I've given up as the words seemed a little empty. The past
few weeks in my new home have been, typically, both great and heart
breaking. I'm now working in the village Walajah that i emailed you
all about a few weeks ago. It's great to be part of such a small,
close community, and as such I'm having to walk up all of the steep
hills around here to work off all of the food I'm being fed at every
opportunity! It can be so quiet and peaceful here, that it's easy to
forget about the "situation" (as everyone here calls it!), and think
that i'm living in some pretty Mediterranean town (which I am).
However,  and there's always a however, in the past week and a half
there's been three incursions by the army.
The first was to demolish a building and a house. After much arguing,
a local lawyer prevented the home demolition, but the outbuilding was
destroyed.
The second was in the early hours.The army came and forced a family
out of their home with tear gas and sound grenades. They then forced
the father of the family to strip to his underwear in the freezing
cold and lay on the ground before arresting him. His crime? He works
for an orphanage in Bethlehem that is supported by the social services
part of Hamas. He is still detained. His teenage daughter who I've
been helping with her english homework was too upset to attend an exam
last week.
The third is the one that always gets me. Two days ago the home of
Monder Hamad was demolished for the second time this year, to make way
for "the wall" deemed illegal by the International court. So this is
my problem: witnessing this was one of the most traumatic points of my
life, and this isn't my house, my village or even my country. How can
i scrape together the words to describe how heart breaking it is to
watch such a personal injustice occur? A family torn apart by well
armed teenagers with all of the power, friends and family kept away
unable to offer comfort. A few of us able to help the family empty
their lives out onto the street before.... Even as I write it now it
seems empty. The soldier's reply to the desperate question: "where
shall we live?"...."We gave you a tent last time."

So do me a favour, think about how this would make you feel, spare us
a thought over the holidays, and next time you hear about Hamas
refusing to recognise Israels right to exist bear in mind the
continuous humiliations and tragedies inflicted on every Palestinian:
man, woman and child.

Suzy xx
