---
title: Work
tags: 
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2003-09-01
---

<p class=date>5:14pm JST Monday 1 September 2003</p>

<p>After LOTS of sleep, flipping and flopping about in bed, talking to
janette (!) this morning, sleeping some more, I got myself to work on
time.  Steve happened to be on the same train, but I chose to zip up
the stairs instead of talk to him on the way to work.</p>

<p>Had four lessons today so far and they've gone pretty well.  Four
more lessons until my weekend.  Said HI to Miki who is now in Level 5
(today was her first L5 lesson and she said she was nervous; I was
like, "chill; it's no biggie;" I wonder if it helped), news that she
told me after she said, "my life is like hell," when I asked if today
was her first day of school: "yes." "how is it?"  "I hate it; my life
is like hell." "Wow." "Today is my first level five lesson."</p>

<p>Had a student who is barely 7B.  Had her man to man and she was
really low; had lots of trouble with is/are and has/have.  The lesson
was "which ones are yours?" and in the book it's depicts a couple
leaving a party and picking up their coats.  I was like fuck that and
laid out a bunch of animal flash cards.  "Which ones are birds," and
by the end she could say "these are birds" and barely "this one is a
bird" (lot of work on the pronunciation of "this") and rarely
correctly, "these animals have tails" or "this animal is brown" or
"this animal is a cow"...  she got all the little words mixed up,
which is understandable; they're all fuckin' useless words in many
ways, but hey.  That's English.</p>

<p>That's language.  words words words.</p>

<p>My three Level 4 women got a lesson on earthquakes and hurricanes
and tornadoes and lightning, with a side platter of electrons,
protons, nucleus, atom.  I skipped neutron because we were just
focusing on charge, without regard to specific atoms nor mass.</p>

<p class=date>9:18pm</p>

<p>On the train now to roll outta Kawasaki for my weekend.  Just
finished off the night with voice, starring Kenji, Miki, someone, and
Yukiyoshi (I think).   Miki again said she hates high school and I got
a sense of how much the Japanese workers are being screwed by their
companies - working until 2am and feeling lucky to have a job.  Okay
fine, lucky to have a job, but not a sucky job that pays nothing extra
for ridiculous amounts of overtime.</p>

<p>I basically told Miki she should try to get the hell outta Japan
and go to the US and try to get a job; I'll give her Philip's contact
info next time I see her.  Maybe I'll remember to look up the info for
the Japanese-American Society of Houston.</p>
