---
title: 6 month evaluation
tags: 
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2003-09-08
---

<p class=date>8:35am JST Monday 8 September 2003</p>

<p>Today is my six month evaluation.</p>

<p class=dream>I got to work and couldn't find the files for any of my
students.  I told Jon and he didn't care/help, but told me I should be
able to find them.   The system for filing files had been changed for
the worse; there was no drop box; it had been moved into a drop pile
with no concept of sorting involved.</p>

<p class=dream>The bell rang, and I was like, "oh and I *am* naked; I
thought I was only dreaming that I was naked."  Sure enough; I only
had on a shirt.  But no one cared so I didn't care, but I still didn't
have the files and didn't have a lesson planned.   I spent countless
precious minutes looking for a lesson in the level 4 book with which
I'd be comfortable doing a lesson, but they were all different;
somehow I couldn't remember doing *any* of them.</p>

<p>So glad to wake up.</p>

<p class=date>12:10pm</p>

<p>Just now walked with Matty to the train station.  Talked about
upcoming plans with janette and my evaluation.</p>

<p>He's planning to take *all* his vacation days at the end of his
Nova career: "I'm gonna do all the things that everyone has been doing
all in one go like.   I'll put all the ideas together everything that
everyone has learned and just do it."</p>

<p>As I got on my train he was all, "good luck with your interview.  I
hope you wear clothes!"</p>

<p>- = - = - = -</p>

<p>I did fine (my opinion), including reading a section from the book
as we're supposed to.  I told the students "please read from ... (here
to here)" oops; I had read from the teacher's portion of the book;
they didn't have the text in their books.  So I had them crowd around
and read from my book.</p>

<p>Classic.</p>
