---
title: A new way to take off my glasses
tags: []
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2003-09-21
---

<p class=date>9:06am JST Sunday 21 September 2003</p>

<p>I wear shoes, slacks, shirt and tie to work everyday.  I ride my
bike from my house to the train station each day. When it rains, I
don't care if I get wet, but my clothes generally care.  SO when it
rains and I'm riding my bike, I point my umbrella forward and the wind
pressure keeps it pressed against my (granny bike's) basket. That way
I can keep both my hands on the handlebars (very important for safety)
as the umbrella keeps my clothes dry (and I can see over it (equally
important for safety)).</p>

<p>I was in second gear (of three) when I got to the
bridge/intersection, the light for which is usually green, but today
was not.  So I had to stop.  And hold the umbrella since insufficent
speed won't keep it in place.  Light turned green and I started in
second gear up the slight slope of the bridge, and couldn't shift
cause I was holding the umbrella.  Slightly tricky, but not so
bad. Once I got moving over the crest of the bridge, I remounted the
umbrella and held both handlebars as people clogs vexed my path on the
sidewalk, and I zipped onto the street; this seemed no problem in the
rain since it was relatively free of cars.</p>

<p>Umbrella happily blocking the rain from my shirt tie and pants, me
happily enjoying the rain on my face and doing something no one else
does, I approached the intersection at the bottom of that slight hill.
Because I was slowing down, I grabbed the umbrella so it wouldn't
fall, and instinctively held it up over my head, cleanly flicking my
glasses off my face into the street.</p>

<p>For an instant, I was like, <em>fuck 'em; I'm not going back,</em>
but then waves of fear hit me saying I wouldn't be able to do
*anything* at work involving reading / writing.</p>

<p>Skidded to a stop and went back for them.  I hadn't been going too
fast, so they weren't too far back.  Fortunately, few cars were in the
street, and no cars were on my glasses.</p>
