---
title: AM train pressure
tags: 
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2003-09-26
---

<p class=date>12:12pm JST Friday 26 September 2003</p>

<p>On the way to Shibuya today, I got on a Hibiya line train, lightly
sprinkled with people.  Transfered to a full Tokyu line train,
standing near the front behind a young woman against the front glass.
I reminded myself of standing behind Britt at the Snow concert at UH
back in the day.  I blocked her from the crushing crowd behind us.</p>

<p>As the train became more and more packed, I felt it my civic duty
to give her space, after the horrible stories I've heard of men
pressing themselves forcibly against women in trains.  I just wanted
to correct all the wrongs in the world, possibly doing something
uniquely positively surprisingly good for this woman, bracing myself
against the wall and the window instead of against her.</p>

<p>My right hand against the glass, my left hand in my pocket so it
wouldn't brush or be crushed gropingly against someone's booty, I
stood resisting the crowd pressure behind me.  Then the forces were
shifted as the train descended a hill *and* slowed at the same time,
shifting untold tons of silent sentient flesh against me and my
protectee.</p>

<p>I couldn't keep off her, but I diverted as much pressure as I could
to my feet and arm.  After the train stopped and the pressure
lessened, I said "gomen" under my breath.  Took my left hand out of my
pocket so I could use it as a brace.</p>

<p>The next descending stopping avalanche of pressure made me wonder
if my arm might break through the glass against which I was diverting
all the force.  That would *suck*.  Would people understand why it
happened?  That my altruistic moment had saved this woman (save for
blood and glass on her face) from excruciating pressure at the expense
of my arm?  Maybe.  okay, let's focus on the window staying intact
instead.</p>

<p>Upon arrival in Shibuya, people poured out of the train on both
sides, like carbonated spam might upon release.  My well preserved
friend joined the masses of robots.  I never saw her face.</p>
