---
title: Shikinejima for two days, day one
tags: [ "eseti" ]
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2015-09-11T17:36:20+09:00
---

## 17:36 Friday 11 September 2015 JST

Mark and I are on an island featuring 500 permanent residents and
maybe as many tourists; I'm not sure.

I wanted to climb on some rocks behind the whale statue, but he wanted
to go to the beach to check that out, so I climbed on rocks there.
Then I walked on rocks toward the onsen where there was some man made
pier which I poo-pooed as boring, but Mark wanted to check it out.  I
noticed water was flowing off it, so I thought "hmmmm that could be
interesting!"

I went to the end of the pier, and sure enough water came over the
top!  It was a bit thrilling to see the water well up from the ocean
and flood the pier about 10 cm over the top.  Wow!

The next wave came and ... didn't make it over the top.  Then the next
one came and .. uh oh!  knocked me hard enough that I couldn't stand,
but I made it okay!  I may have gotten my phone a bit wet though.
Ooops!

Started to head back, and the next wave was like 50 cm over the top of
the pier!  Whoooosh I went sliding along the pier; water splooshed
over me and definitely drenched my jeans (and phone).

Ooops oops!

Fortunately, there were some curb-like things at the edge of the pier
which I planned to use to keep myself from going over the edge into
the water.   Double fortunately, I stopped sliding across the pier
before that time.  Triple fortunately, the pier was a bit slimy with
green algae or something so it didn't cut me up too much. Just a bit
on my left ankle and left elbow.  I tweeted "slide, baby, slide!" when
posting a (blurry) photo of the injuries.  Wanted a video of the
original event, though!  Might have to go back out there. Just kidding!

Without actually trying, the paragraph above has a perfect vertical
river near the right edge.  Check it out:

    Fortunately, there were some curb-like things at the edge of the pier
    which I planned to use to keep myself from going over the edge into
    the water.   Double fortunately, I stopped sliding across the pier
    before that time.  Triple fortunately, the pier was a bit slimy with
    green algae or something so it didn't cut me up too much. Just a bit
    on my left ankle and left elbow.  I tweeted "slide, baby, slide!" when
    posting a (blurry) photo of the injuries.  Wanted a video of the
    original event, though!  Might have to go back out there. Just kidding!

So anyway, fortunately my phone (and I) survived the drink, and I know
to be careful next time and put my phone somewhere safe before going
out onto that pier!
