---
title: I'm on a boat
tags: [ "ferry" ]
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2015-09-13T14:34:31+09:00
---

## 14:34 Sunday 13 September 2015 JST

We're headed back to Tokyo from 式根島 (shikinejima) on a ferry that
reminds me of Topaz in that it's a boat with lots of passengers, all
of whom are on a boat.

Okay, a ship.

I got a handkerchief branded with the island name for Lin, and a wooden
puzzle for Fred.

I went to the island for two days with the contact group, featuring
four members, including the organizer, Mark.

I kinda wish I hadn't come without Lin because the island was really
nice, so I'm definitely making plans to bring her to this island or a
similar one.

I had some good times on the island despite having to stick with the
group (which half the time consisted of Mark, because we were the only
ones who came on Friday).  I acted like a little shit when he peer
pressured me to not climb on rocks because he felt a sense of
responsibility for the members of the group.  He was like, "let's go
back to the blah blah blah because I want to check out that area,"
whereas I did *not* want to check out any other area.  So I was like
"fine, fuck," and I climbed directly up the hill instead of using the
sidewalk for normal people and I beat him to the top by about a
minute.

Ah, make that 15 minutes because he didn't notice I had ascended ages
before he did, and he went back down to the neck-breaking rock area,
yelling my name to see if I had fucking fallen into the water.  Fuck
so my sullen behaviour caused him to waste 10 minutes looking for
me. Why the fuck would I fall down the hill after I agreed to go back?

God I'm terrible.

So we went to the next place, near some hot srpings, and he goes, "oh
what's over there?" while pointing to a concrete pier.  I was like,
"bah who cares; it's man made." and he goes, "I thought you were a man
of adventure!" So I was like fine fuckit and started walking to it and
noticed there was water pouring from between some kind of walk way.

Hmm okay it looks interesting so we kept going, and then I realized it
was just water spilling over the pier on occasion due to wave action.

Thinking it would be neat to go to the end and see the waves blah blah
blah ...

... then the next wave crested to the top by about 10 cm!  It was a
bit scary, but not enough to send me away, but then I suddenly was
like, "oh shiz" as the next wave knocked me over a little bit...  and
then the *next* wave had me sliding across the pier, hoping I'd be
able to stop myself like Neo on top of the tower.

oh I just realized I wrote all this already.  sorry.

- - - -

We went to the top of a hill the first night but didn't see shit.  I
got into a half-asleep state and relayed information I received in
dream state, and later Mark was all yeah I'm not going to make a
report about this night unless we get something interesting.

- - - -

The second night it was me, Mark, Lance, and Sumiyaki on the same
hill, but a bit lower (top of the paved area, but not to the point
where Mark and I had gone the previous night.

I had fallen asleep by this point, but Mark saw a ship "power up" and
was like, "wow!"  I woke up, and sure enough, I saw it too.

Lance, an aviation engineer said it was unlike any plane he had ever
seen before.  I could see basically a single light would turn on and
then off, as if via rheostat.  It didn't flash, and it wasn't on a
regular schedule.  It seemed to move across about 5 degrees of sky
during the time that I could see its power ups.  The whole "show"
lasted about 3 minutes, and then they saw maybe 3 different shooting
stars.

It was pretty neat, but I still think I've attended more than half of
the events I'll attend with this group.
