---
title: lucy
tags: 
author: Rob Nugen
date: 1992-04-16
---

<p class=note>(transcribed from Book Two of my diary)

<p class=date>9AM Friday, April 16, 1992

<p>Last Sunday I was at Kroger working during the Westheimer Art
Festival.  Lucy walked in.  We saw eachother and were entirely stunned
and amazed.  We exchanged phone numbers and I called her at 11PM that
night.  We talked until about 1:30AM.  During that talk, I told her
that I wanted to go out with her and that I had Jodi.  Lucy told me to
seriously think about my situation.  I did and the next (same) morning
I broke up with Jodi.  I told Jodi that she is wonderful, but that I'm
just not ready for committment. the next night, Lucy called at about
11 or Midnight. We talk for a while, and she ended up coming and
sleeping over here.  Cool.  We made out, and she gave me head, but we
did not have sex.  The next night, I helped her move to a small
apartment very near my house.  I spent the night over there and the
next morning, we did have sex, using a condom, of course.  Then, last
night, I went over and helped her finish moving.  In exchange, she
took me to The Olive Garden.  She had a lifecycle in the trunk of her
car, so she asked the manager if she could park in the "to go" parking
spot.  She was wearing her white hat and great smile, so he let her.
That was cool.  We went in to the bar and drank milk (me) and wine
(her).  Then we ate.  It was cool.  Then we went back and unloaded
stuff.  She gave me a Madonna poster book.  She also gave me the April
edition of Vogue because I love the cover. (12 women in white).  We
had sex using some hot cinamon cream then we showered and had sex
again.  It was great.  Jodi is not moving in this summer. Fred
probably will.
