---
title: jodi
tags: 
author: Rob Nugen
date: 1992-04-20
---

<p class=note>(transcribed from Book Two of my diary)

<p class=date>11:05 AM, Monday, April 20, 1992

<p>Saturday Night after work, Jodi picked me up and we went to see
Oliver (the play) performed at Miller Outdoor Theatre.  We got a little
bit past the first intermission before we left.  While we were there,
we did some heavy petting.  Then we went home to our separate places.
The next morning, Sunday, I went in to work at 6AM.  Matt was the over
night checker.  He said that during the night, 2 queers were kissing &
they knocked over a display of toilet paper.  Ha Ha.. that's funny.

<p>I had a guy come in & buy 30 pounds of potatoes and a single
potatoe peeler.  I asked him jokingly, "Are you sure you need just one
of these?" while holding up the peeler.  He kind of grunted & pointed
at the potatoes. I said, "Oh, Thanks for clearing that up for us."
That was hilarious.

<p>After work, Jodi & I went to the Transco Tower water fountain to
meet Blue Moon & people from the Castle of Dreams & Rivan Warrior
BBS's.  We played frisbee & played a frisbee-into-the-net game.  I
won.  Cool.  I got some excellent scores, like 2 10 pointers in a row
& then a 1 point, a 5 point & 2 more 10 points in a single turn.
Dude.  I won with 111 points to 60 or so.  After that, Jodi & I went
to Marble Slab and then to our separate houses.  Then Lucy called and
came over here.  We kissed some and I fingered her and made her come.
Then it began to strom like a motherfucker and she went home.  She
apologized for not helping me come, but she didn't want to be caught
in the rain.  She said she'll make it up by giving me head tonight.
After she left, I watched the storm.  There was hail about an inch
across falling at one point.  Dude.  Lucy called during the storm and
she said she needed to tell me some things.  She said that she has
fallen for me more than she ever wanted to. Arrghh.. One time my
horoscope said, "...but remember, you're a magnet for romance." We'll
talk about this lots tonight.  Then Tammy called and said she was
scared because of the storm and wanted to come over.  So she came over
and we fucked, using a condom of course, and then slept.  This
morning, I took my computer disk drives and my laundry to her house
and she did my laundry while I gave her Word Perfect & Lotus and I got
some software from her.  Then I came home and I'm right here right now
at 11:30 AM on Monday April 20, 1992.  I am quickly falling behind in
my school work. Crap. I need to figure out a way to sel my romance
magnet abilities... I don't even know what they are.  Later

