---
title: lucy
tags: 
author: Rob Nugen
date: 1992-04-22
---

<p class=note>(transcribed from Book Two of my diary)

<p class=date>1 AM Wednesday Morning April 22, 1992

<p>I spent the night at Jodi's last night.  Then we went to class.
After assembly, Maggie & Molly got me some extra food for lunch for
me.  We had a picnic in Maggie's room.  Then Maggie & I went to
Physics.  At the very end of the lecture, Dr. Weinstein briefly
described where the speed of light comes from and how light is
created.  That was cool.  Ultimately Cool.

<p>Then I lay outside on the grass with Danielle and we worked on
assembly.  Then I went to Jodi's to say "HI." She's sick, though, so I
didn't spend too much time there.  So I went up to Jeanine's room.  We
cuddled and almost slept for a couple of hours.  At one point, Jen's
roommate, Dametrus & one of her friends were in there.  Dametrus'
friend asked for Dametrus to walk with her over to Oberholtzer Hall.
Dametrus said, "Look at it this way; God's your friend. He'll walk
with you." That was so so funny.

<p>Jeanine & I cuddeled but didn't kiss.  Then I cam home and worked
on my budget.  Then I went over to Lucy's to help her move her couch.
WE got it up to her apartment and she was so giggly/excited to have it
up there.  I just love the way she smiles when she's like that.  We
lay on the couch for a while and talked about us and relationships and
stuff like that.  I rubbed her feet during this time.  Then I crawled
up onto her and we kissed and kissed.  That was nice.  She wasn't in a
kissing mood, though so she kept interrupting by talking.  After a
while, though we moved to her bed and kissed some more.  At one point,
she asked what I was thinking, so I told her: since I was coming over
to Lucy's tonight, I gave up my chance to do anything with Jeanine.
This statement pissed off Lucy like crazy, since she thought I was
just putting a guilt trip on her.  I told her "Two things (1) I don't
do guilt trips. You asked me what I was thinking, so I told
you. (2)..." I forgot what I said for (2).  But I got my point across
and we didn't fight.  Cool.  Then we were cuddling, and out of the
blue she asked, "Are these really draw string shorts?"  "Yes" "Do they
loosen easily?" "Yes" "Do they come off easily?" "Yes." So she took my
shorts off and began to give me head.

<p class=note>(33 lines skipped)

<p>Dude.  We gripped eachother hard and I lay on top of her for a
while.  Then we got up and got dressed.  We talked and ate some
bananas and pickles.  Super.  She was in a giggly mood again, so we
laughed a lot.  Then I came home and here we are. (Just me actually)

<p>Kiera called today "looking for a shoulder to cry on."  Aww. I felt
so bad for her and I left a message on her machine telling her to call
any time at all.  Mine is a 24 hour (crisis) Hot line. later

