---
title: USS Winston Churchill
tags: []
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2001-10-04
---

<p class=date>04 October 2001</p>

<pre>
This is an e-mail from an Ensign stationed aboard the
USS Winston  Churchill...

Dear Dad,

Well, we are still out at sea, with little direction
as to what  our next priority is.  The remainder of
our port visits, which were to be  centered around max
liberty and goodwill to the United Kingdom, have all
but  been cancelled.  We have spent every day since
the attacks going back and  forth within imaginary
boxes drawn in the ocean, standing high-security 
watches, and trying to make the best of our time.  It
hasn't been that fun I  must confess, and to be even
more honest, a lot of people are frustrated at  the
fact that they either can't be home, or we don't have
more direction  right now.  We have seen the articles
and the photographs, and they are  sickening. Being
isolated as we are, I don't think we appreciate the
full  scope of what is happening back home, but we are
definitely feeling the Effects

About two hours ago the junior officers were called to
the bridge  to conduct Shiphandling drills. We were
about to do a man overboard drill when we  got a call
from the LUTJENS(D185), a German warship that was
moored ahead of us on the pier in Plymouth, England.
While in port, the WINSTON S CHURCHILL and the LUTJENS
got together for a sports day/cookout on our fantail,
and we made some pretty good friends. Now at sea they
called over on bridge-to-bridge,requesting to pass us
close up on our port side, to say  goodbye.  We
prepared to render them honors on the bridgewing, and
the  Captain told the crew to come topside to wish
them farewell.  As they were  making their approach,
our Conning Officer announced through her binoculars 
that they were flying an American flag.  As they came
even closer, we saw  that it was flying at half-mast.
The bridgewing was crowded with people as  the
Boatswain's Mate blew two whistles- Attention to Port-
the ship came up  alongside and we saw that the entire
crew of the German ship were manning  the rails, in
their dress blues.  They had made up a sign that was
displayed  on the side that read "We Stand By You".
Needless to say there was not a dry  eye on the bridge
as they stayed alongside us for a few minutes and we
cut  our salutes.  It was probably the most powerful
thing I have seen in my  entire life and more than a
few of us fought to retain our composure.  It  was a
beautiful day outside today. We are no longer at
liberty to divulge  over unsecure e-mail our location,
but we could not have asked for a finer day at sea.

The German Navy did an incredible thing for this crew,
and it  has truly been the highest point in the days
since the attacks.  It's  amazing to think that only a
half-century ago things were quite  different, and to
see the unity that is being demonstrated throughout
Europe  and the world makes us all feel proud to be
out here doing our job.  After  the ship pulled away
and we prepared to begin our man overboard drills the 
Officer of the Deck turned to me and said "I'm staying
Navy."

I'll write you  when I know more about when I'll be
home, but for now, this is probably the  best news
that I could send you.

Love you guys.
</pre>
