---
title: Astroworld
tags: []
author: Rob Nugen
date: 1992-08-09
---

<p class=note>(transcribed from Book Two of my diary)

<p class=date>12:30 AM Sunday 9 August 1992

<p>"Today" I woke up without an alarm at 6:30AM Astroworld!
Astroworld! Astroworld!  I played Blockout and went to Kroger to get a
birthday card for Yolanda, the girl at the library at UH.  Then I went
to Astroworld.  I got there at 9:35 and they opened the gates at
9:45AM.  I waited around until Marcel got there with his siter Mimi
and her friend from Iceland, Hline.  The first thing we did when we
saw eachother was to throw the invisible frisbee back and forth.  We
did some pretty cool throws and catches, and the girls knew we were
wierd.  Cool.  We first went to Cyclone, but it was down.  A dude
named David was at the gate, and we gave him the NutAward with the
understanding that we would get it back.  Then we headed toward the
Sky Screamer.  We made it to the Viper instead.  Marcel and I rode
that in the second to last car, with me on the right hand side.  It
was totally cool.  Then we rode on Excalibur, and Marcel rode on the
right.  I told him he totally had to get some grass on the very last
corkscrew that the train makes.  He didn't get it.  However, I got to
hit 2 of the bigger poles, and I announced the fact that you can hit
42 posts during the ride.  Then we went to Sky Screamer.  I got a rock
and did the floating rock trick.  We rode again, and I did it again:
We begin to fall, I drop the rock, we watch it tumble, (otherwise
motionaless relative to us) I caught it, I throw it way out in front
of us.  Mimi was rather disappointed that I threw it, since it was a 2
in a row Sky Screamer Rock. Then we went to Greezed Lightning, but it
was closed.  Crap.  So we rode XLR8.  Marcel and I rode in the back
back car, me on the left.  Then we went back to the Cyclone.  It was
open this time, so we rode on it.  We got to the top of the line, and
in order to synchronize things so that Marcel and I could ride the
same train, we let a couple go in front of us.  After they were in
line for a while, and we determined that we would be on the Blue
train, Marcel said, Hey Rob, did you hear about the problems they had
with the red car?  etc etc.  The girl turned around kinda like, oh
thanks for putting me on the faulty train.  It was funny.  Then we
rode the Ultra Twister.  That was the first ultra long line.  But
Marcel & I rode in the front car.  Very cool.  I was on the right.
Then Marcel left us so that he could locate Alise and April at the
entrance, so I went with Mimi & Hline.  We rode Excalibur, and I
<em>did</em> get grass on the last turn. Then we rode Joustabout as it
started to rain.  I gave Mimi a back massage while we were in line for
Joustabout.

<p>Then we rode Warp 2000.  I rode with Mimi in car # 9.  Then we met
Marcel back at the fountain at the main entrance.  For a moment (or 2
(no one knows)) we were on opposite sides of the fountain facing away
from eachother.  Then Mimi saw Marcel's shirt.  She goes, "Oh, there
he is!!"  So I turned around and yelled, "Marcel!!  Hey Marcel!! Over
here!"  Check this out: Marcel stood up and put his hand up to his
eyes like he's searching for something but he continued to face away
from me.  That ws so funny.  I yelled, "No No!! Over here!"  He turned
around and saw me, as did Alise & April, who were sitting beside him.
He came around to the other side of the fountain, and as he did, a
dude who we don't know shook his hand, "Hey, Marcel!  how's it going?"
Pretty funny.  Then we went to Adventure Rivers of Texas.  Before I
got in line, through, I went in the Exit of the Cyclone and found
David and got the Nut Award back.  Total coolness.  We rode Adventure
Rivers.  Me in the back of the raft with Marcel on the Pecos river.
We told the girl there that we were going to be the 1996 Olympic Luge
team.  Cool.  We started down the thing and I splashed wter on Marcel
and he splashed water on me and I lay back and flopped my arms
backward and got totally wet.  We hit the bottom of the thing and
Totally splashed.  People in the line cheered.  Cool.  Then we went
passed the KRBE van at the AstroNeedle, and I got to meet Paul Cubby
Bryant.  He was really cool.  I told him that I had to leave though,
before the broadcast was to start.  Crud.  We went to Viper and rode
it again.  This time with me on the left.  Then I had to leave the
group for the Castle of Dreams Bad Movie Fest.  I shook everyone's
hand and thanked Marcel.  I went back over to see Cubby and I got to
watch him do his first part on the air.  Very cool.  Little kids were
like, "he's talking! Wow!"  So I pointed at him like, "Yes, right
here.  This is the guy who's live on the radio - and <em>I'm</em>
standing right beside him."  I talked to Cubby a bit more and he would
get me on the air if I could stay a bit longer.  Unfortunately I
couldn't, so I told him just to say HI to me over the air.

<p>I went back to the van - I never heard him say HI.  I went to the
Castle Party and I wish I had stayed at Astroworld.  I did at least
get to meet Scout Seven and Homer the Brave.  He's cool.  I didn't get
to meet them, though since we only watched the supid movies.  Fuck. At
the end, Jack Dracula called and was describing to us his eyeball
removing job.  I feigned sleepiness and I left at 11PM and Laura came,
too.  She and I took a shower together and now she's asleep and I'm
about to join her.  Later
