---
title:  4.0
tags: 
author: Rob Nugen
date: 1992-08-13
---

<p class=note>(transcribed from Book Two of my diary)

<p class=date>late 13 Aug 92

<p>A dude from the convention came in and got some antibitotics.  (He
was getting sick since he had been working 12 hour days for a week at
the convention.)  He didn't have enough cash to cover it, so I dropped
the price a few dollars.  I would have given it to him free, but I
didn't want to be too darn suspicious.  He gave me his business card
with his local phone number on there.  His name is Ronald Ruprecht,
Director of Network Services / Computer Services Department /
Strategic Information Division / Republican National Committee.  Dude.
He said, "come by some time and I'll show you the system."  Total
coolness.

<p>Fred and I are currently looking for "Cheese Shop," a song by Monte
Python.  We called Cactus, and I talked to a fun sounding girl named
Carolyn.  I'm going to meet her some time when I go over there.

<p>I made a bet with Emilio that I will make a 4.0 GPA this coming
semester. I've also made similar bets with several other people.  For
Emilio, he will buy me lunch if I make a 4.0.  I will buy him lunch if
I don't.  Fred wrote the following in my day planner -> "The element
of the set {Fred, Rob} with the highest GPA will have lunch provided
by the remaining elements in the set at a cost unanimously agreed upon
by all elements in the set at the time of the providing."  Next to
that, I have written "List of People who will buy me lunch if I get a
4.0  Tammy, Maggie, Warner, Berling, Ma, Dad x 5"  the 2 charachters
after "Dad" are read, "times five," cause he said, "shit I'll buy you
lunch 5 times if you get a 4.0"  Cool.  I'm about to call Heather to
see if she'll do it. (It was busy.)
