---
title: GMA
tags: 
author: Rob Nugen
date: 1992-08-20
---

<p class=note>(transcribed from Book Two of my diary)

<p class=date>13:25 Thurs 20 Aug 92

<p>Yesterday before the show, John and I got some elephant mylar
balloons out of the UPS room and decorated the set with them.  In the
process, 3 of them got loose and required 2 or 3 full minutes to float
to the ceiling.  Amazing.  After the show, Charlie was in a pretty
good mood.  I talked to him a bit - joking about how he was going to
do the bunjee jump from the 30th floor.  Pretty funny.  I talked to
TRQ (The Right Question), a pro Bush rapper, whose real name is Steve
something.  Doug and I taked to him after the show about getting him a
T-shirt.  At 11AM yesterday, I walked to the Lancaster Hotel and
picked up some guy's Ford Taurus because they needed it at the
Astrodome to get in.  (The car had a sticker on it that would let them
in.) I got to the Lancaster, and the valet dude opened the car door
for me (It was double parked in front of the hotel) He wished me a
safe trip and I drove to the Sheritan hotel near the Astrodome.  They
took the car and drove to the Astrodome, and left me in a new white
Lincoln Towncar.  Here's a quote from my day planner:

<p>"I'm in the reserve parking spot since Lynn gave Jose' the valet
five bucks.  11:37AM I'm listening to "summertime" by DJ Jazzy Jeff
and the Fresh Prince.  This stereo is nice.  Nice speakers with great
bass.

<p>Shit the sideview mirror says "Heated" on it.  Now I'm listening to
"Sweet Dreams (are made of these)"  The stero has a button on it that
says, "audio" It cycles the display through the following:
frequency/volume, Bass, Treble, Balance, Fade.  And the Volume button
(-  +) switches them accordingly.  Cool.

<p>The airconditioner is on, and the engine is on.  They're so quiet
that I can't hear either.  I'm going to sleep.  12:20PM Woke up.  Now
they have me driving the Taurus again."

<p>OK.  Back to real time now.  So they went to the Astrodome, while I
simply slept for 30 minutes. RIGHT!!!

<p>It's now 16:58:15 Thursday 20 August 1992.  Molly just called from
Missouri.  They're on their way home!  Yay!!

<p>- - -

<p>Alex was watching Wayne's World again today. 20 Aug 92

<p>Today at GMA, everyone was tired.  I took pictures of the whole
place and all the people.  I grabbed some of the pictures that John
took yesterday, including one of me zonked out hard.  I totally
totally need a foot and back massage.  I wish Laura were here.  Maybe
Molly will do it.  I slept for a couple hours todya, and then I did my
budget and wrote a birthday card for Cheri.  Now I'm going to get a 2
inch binder from Bizmart to hold my computer manuals.
