---
title: GMA
tags: 
author: Rob Nugen
date: 1992-08-22
---

<p class=note>(transcribed from Book Two of my diary)

<p class=date>1:35AM, Saturday, August 22, 1992

<p>"Today" I got to Good Morning America a tad early (2 minutes) and
took a picture of Alex beside Wayne & Garth in Wayne's World.  he
watched the movie every night this week.  When I came in, there was a
big big group of peple in the hotel lobby who had been awake all
night.  At 4AM, a lady came up to me and said, "So, is tomorrow your
last day?"  I thought for a second and then said, "No. <em>Today</em>
is our last day."

<pre>
That could be interesting
</pre>

<p>She looked at her watch, and a little of realization hit her.

<p class=date>7:55AM same day.

<p>First, a note about the previous entry.  I was totally falling
asleep as I wrote the last 3 lines.  The text in blue was totally out
of a dream I was having.  I just wrote it down, knowing that it might
not make sense, but it would be a hardcopy of an otherwise elusive
dream thought.  The last line kinda makes sense; the worde are right,
but it's missing something.

<p>Now, here's omething that's more like what I would have written if
I had been awake, starting with that which is in blue.

<p>She looked at her watch, and looked a bit surprise as she realized
what I meant.  I said, "go get some sleep."  she said, "OK.."

<p>While we were at the "Home Base," and I was keeping pedestrian
traffic moving ("Just don't stop in the area, sir. Walk all the way
through.") a very nice looking girl approached me and asked about the
show and stuff.  I talked with her and then she left, and sat on a
chair to watch.  A bit later, we got a 15 minute break, and I sat and
talked to her.  Her name is Kelly and she's a computer programmer!
RIGHT!!! She lives in Phoenix, but I swapped addresses with her on her
business cards.  I said "Hey" to her several times after that as I was
running around during the show.

<p>It's now 8:12AM.  I'm going to Tomball to help ma pack.

<p class=date>3:30PM Saturday August 22, 1992

<p>Yesterday I got to sit in the seat that Dan Quayle was going to use
for the interview.  I acted as the lighting/camera guinea pig as the
lighting & camera crews set up stuff around me.  Doug sat in Charlie's
chair, "So, Mr Quayle, what do you think your chances for reelection
are?"  "Well, I'll be OK if I can just remember to spell "vote"
without an "e" on the end."

<p>Doug covered his eyes and lowered his head as he laughed... It was
quite funny.  The Secret Service dudes swarmed over the whole hotel.
I would sya, "Good Morning!" to each of them, and they would just
grunt.  Except for one, who commented on the Good Morning America
T-shirt I was wearing.  I said, "OK Ok.. I'll give you the shirt for
that little pin on your jacket."  He expelled a nervous choke of
laughter. "Oh jeez. I might as well give you my first born."  Dude.

<p>At the ending scene, Charlie was right by our "office".  He said,
"We'll be right back." and Patty the stage manager said, in her New
Jersey accent, "Okay! Ten minute break!" Charlie went in the room and
tossed the nerf football a little.  I was on the other side of the
table (Diagnoally opposite) and I said, "hey, you wanna play?" So he
tossed it to me and we played catch for 2 or 3 minutes RIGHT!!! I have
never enjoyed throwing a football per se, but since it was Charlie, I
loved it.  It was totally cool.  And he was commenting on throws. "Oh
that was a good one" " This football is hard to spiral" etc.  I loved
it.

<p>Then Patty announced "Okay we're back in 2 mintues!"  So he went
out there and I <em>ran</em> to the other side of the htoel so I would
be in the background.  I stood there for the duration of the show.
Cool.

<p>Afterward, Fred (runner) and I went to the 30th floor and took
pictures.  We snuck into a room that had a door ajar and took a
picture from the window.  The room was bigger than my whole apartment.
