---
title: Molly
tags: 
author: Rob Nugen
date: 1992-08-22
---

<p class=note>(transcribed from Book Two of my diary)

<p class=date>11:55PM Saturday, 20 August 92

<p>Last night after work, Molly got here and we hugged and made out
for over an hour (NOT!)  We played on my computer and she got 9022 on
Blockout.  My lowest highscore is 90220 or so... We contacted John &
Maggie at Marcel's and met them at House of Pies on Antoine.  Molly
and I were given slightly inaccurate directions, so we took the scenic
route..  We got there and I hugged & hugged Maggie.  We went inside
and sat down.  Amy, our waitress, approached and we were goofing
around.  She asked if we were ready to order, so I said yes, and
telepathically told Marcel what I wanted, and he verbally told her.
Then I verbally told her what he telepathically ordered through me.
Make sense?  She came back a bit later and announced that Marcel and I
must be on the wrong wavelength, since my order, banana cream pie with
strawberry topping, doesn't exist.  I told her she has to special make
it for me.  She did.  When whe brought it out, I said, "wonderful.
Better than I had expected."</p>

<p>We ate, and Marcel told us the
dog-in-a-former-life-broken-clavical-joke and got Maggie with it.
Very funny.  Then we went home, and I accidentally dropped my frisbee
as I held it out the window.  Molly stopped and I got it, only after 2
cars had run it over, though.</p>

<p>Today, Molly and I went to Tomball and helped ma load the truck for
Dallas. We stopped by my dad's and got some software and a C++ book.
We got back home and then met Maggie & John at Marcel's.  We all
played Frisbee, incuding Molly's YoYoBee.  Then we watched Casablanca,
(Humphrey Bogart & Ingrid Bergman) Maggie & John left, and Marcel,
Molly & I watched Wayne's World.  Coolness.  Then we returned the
movies at Soundwarehouse, and I bought CD's <em>Pink Mischief</em> by
Jeannette Katt ("Girl Noise") and <em>The White Room</em> by The KLF
("3 A.M. Eternal" and "Last Train to Trancentral") This CD turns out
to be a double CD case and has mixes of "Justified & Ancient" on the
other CD.  Amazing.  Now we're listening to track 3 of <em>Pink
Mischief</em>, "Can I Call You Daddy?"  Good Night</p>
