---
title: Jeanine
tags: []
author: Rob Nugen
date: 1992-08-23
---

<p class=note>(transcribed from Book Two of my diary)

<p class=date>2:50 AM Sunday Aug 23 1992.</p>

<p>Molly & I still have not gotten a proper amount of sleep.  Jeanine
just called and I half asleep / half jokingly invited her over.  She
accepted.  It will be nice to hug her, but I don't want to be awake.
I imagine we'll go to House of Pies.</p>

<p>11:30PM called Laura.</p>

<p class=date>11:59:45 PM</p>

<p>Jeanine got here today at 4:20AM.  She talked & talked as we all 3
lay in bed.  I cuddled with Jeanine and gave her kisses on her back
and neck and ear.  We didn't do anything thought.  I slept util about
9AM & called Castle of Dreams.  Then my hard drive on my computer fully
died.  Dead.  Shit... It had been dying, and I have it all backed up,
but it still sucks.  At noon, I woke Jeanine up and she went "home" to
the Towers, where she is currently staying with Imelda, her old suite
mate, since she didn't get a room in the Quad.</p>

<p>Molly and I went to the Galleria and got a book bag for me.  Then
we picked up Jeanine & then went to Marcel's and picked up Marcel and
we met Maggie, John, Danielle, and Charlie and saw Far and Away.  It
was a cool movie.  (At the end of the night, I hugged Maggie and
whispered in her ear a line from the movie, "Her tits are too big for
her to be going to church.")  After that, Molly took Jeanine home, and
the rest of us waited at Sound Warehouse.  Marcel, Charlie and I
played "Shopping-Cart-Warrior Frisbee," where one dude throws the
frisbee and the other 2 run like crazy and catch it in the carts.
Very fun.  Then we went to Marco's and at Mexican food.  Now we are
home.  I just called Laura and she totally misses me.  I think of her
only in passing...</p>
