---
title: lowC
tags: []
author: Rob Nugen
date: 1992-08-27
---

<p class=note>(transcribed from Book Two of my diary)

<p class=date>11:05AM Thursday 27 Aug 92</p>

<p>I've been running around with everyone almost continuously.  Maggie
and John seem detatched from the group.  I rarely see one without the
other.  I miss talking to Maggie privately.  Molly has seemed more
attached to me.  I have spent the last 2 nights with her in her bed.
She's given me eargasms and cuddled bunches.  I asked why, and she
said basically that she's never been this horny before.  Ok... I don't
know exactly what to do with that, since I have too much respect for
her to try anything.  I imagine I'll talk to her at length about it
eventually.</p>

<p>Last night Marcel, Kim (friend of Greg's) Greg, Steve, me, Molly, &
Will went to see Lethal Weapon 3.  We got there and it turned out that
Greg got the tiems screwed up, so we had 1.5 hours till the movie
started.  So we walked across Westheimer after dark where it's nine
lanes wide to Toys R Us.  We checked out the Legos and messed around
until we got bored and went to the Galleria Marble Slab.  We watched a
dude in the skating rink do some <em>smooth</em> moves - swerving in
and out of people, turning 120 degrees in an 8 foot radius with the
arc ending parallel to the wall 5 inches away from it.  <em>Fast</em>
too.</p>

<p>Then we went and watched the movie.  I brought my day planner and
took notes on the funnier lines.  Cool.  We went back to the dorms and
I followed the loud music and re-met Eric, Michael, Heather, Celeste,
Elizabeth.  I met Chris and Tim and Jerry.  I sat by Heather, who was
not drinking and talked to her a bit.  I mentioned that I have a list
of CDs that I want to get.  She said she has a list of Steinbeck books
that she doesn't have.  Cool.  Celeste has braces, that are almost
perfect for me, but she is 3 years younger than I.  As I stood by the
door, Elizabeth patted my crotch, "Genital tag! You're it!"  Woah.
That was interesting.  After a while she said she wanted it back, so I
gave it to her.  I hung with them for a while and then I cruised to OB
where Molly, Steve, Judy and Jeanine were playing cards.  I did
pushups and situps and then went to Molly's room and took a shower.
Molly came back with Jeanine, and I traded back massages with Jen. I
fell asleep on the floor and Molly fell asleep on the bed and Jeanine
left.  I woke in the middle of the night cause I was cold, so I
crawled into bed with Molly.  I remember her giving me an extensive
eargasm.  We woke at about 10:30AM and I came home.  Fred was here and
we talked about what we've been doing.  He's loving band.  They've
been practicing 9 hours per day.  He's doing very well in there, too.
The following happened: The band director asked if someone could play
a <em>low</em> C.  Fred raised his hand.  He played the C
<em>loud</em>.  The director asked if he could play it louder.  He
did.  Then the director was like, "excellent." He asked the next dude
to play it.  He did and the director said, "Ok, work on that."
RIGHT!!!</p>
