---
title: NSFW
tags: 
author: Rob Nugen
date: 1992-08-31
---

<p class=note>(transcribed from Book Two of my diary)

<p class=date>12:15AM Monday August 31 1992</p>

<p>"Today" I read the first chapter in each of my books.  That was my
first homework blockade.  I went to the school to hang out and I saw
C walking to his room with A, the girl who did the shrill
giggle sound file on the NeXT, and his roommate.  I went with them to
check out C's new computer.  While I played on it, C and
A were totally kissing.  I didn't pay attention too much until
they sang some lines from Rocky Horror Picture Show.  A bit later, I
noted that A was totally kissing C's roommate.  Dude.</p>

<p>So I started caressing her foot and her legs as she alternated
between them.  I worked my way up to fingering her inside her shorts
for a while, and then she started kissing me.  We kissed and kissed
violently whle they sucked her feet and legs and torso.  Then she
kissed his roommate as C and I worked her shorts off.  Then she
unzipped C's with her teeth and then mine with her teeth and then
C's roommate.  Holy shit.  So she alternated kissing each of us
and waved her ass invitingly to the other two, who would finger her
and kiss her all over.  After a while, she was totally giving me head
as I sat with my back against the wall, and she was kneeling over me
with her back arched beautifully sticking her ass way out.  C and
him fingered her as she gave me head for a long time.  I didn't come,
although I came close.  Oh, her ass was so pretty.  Then she frenched
me some more and then started giving C head.  I went to take a
piss and when I came out she was sucking off his roommate.  I got
dressed and shook C's hand and gave her a spank on the ass.  "It
was nice to meet you, A." That was so wild.  Later.</p>

<p>School starts in 9 hours.</p>
