---
title: ktru thre
tags: [ "ktru" ]
author: Rob Nugen
date: 1999-09-27
---

<p class=date>27 September 1999</p>

Last Tuesday I had fun at KTRU.  So much fun that I still want to
write about it 6 days later!!!

I had made a decision before I even started to play "Coffee" by Awol
off of a certain SKA compilation we have.  It's a good wake-up song
that I thought would be appropriate for 9am.

The song happened to be track 3 on the CD.

Ah, a gimmick for the day.

"HI This is Rob, and you're listening to K T R U Houston, 91.7fm.  I
have decided to only play track 3 from any CD I play today.  Or only
song 3 from any vinyl I play."

I enjoyed the slight added challenge of finding CDs that would nicely
clash (I like to play jazz, then hardcore, then light classical, then
ska - keeps people wondering) <em>and</em> that had good songs for
track 3.

But the funniest funniest thing:

I found an audio book called <em>The Bear That Wasn't</em>.  You know,
like a book on tape so you can listen in your car?  Well, this was on
vinyl.  Well, not actually vinyl, but that old hard thick plastic that
was used for records back in the day. Remember?

I don't remember, but I know they were old.  Anyway, this "book" had 4
disks, and labels "side 1" through "side 8" on them.  I'll just play
side 3.

So I cued it up and it was all,
"mmmmmoooooorrrrroooooollllaaaaammmmmmmm" too slow, so I put it on
45rpm "mmmoorrroowwwwaammmm" still to slow????  OH my gosh it must be
78rpm!!

Our turntables don't have a 78rpm option.  But, they don't have to be
powered by the motor in order to produce sound.  So I spun the record
with my finger!  I just guessed at what sounded correct as far as the
voices and it was great fun!!  Just the grand silliness of me
broadcasting over live radio, on hundreds of thousands of dollars of
equipment, spinning Side 3 of <em>The Bear That Wasn't</em> with my
finger.

That is why I love KTRU.
