---
title: Growth via mikoshi
tags: [ "japanese", "mikoshi" ]
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2015-08-02T00:07:12+09:00
---

## 00:07 Monday 03 August 2015 JST

Today I saw some people carrying a mikoshi, so I stopped and broadcast
them on Periscope for a bit

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet" lang="en"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">LIVE on <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/Periscope?src=hash">#Periscope</a>: Mikoshi <a href="https://t.co/cNZk91Vr0B">https://t.co/cNZk91Vr0B</a></p>&mdash; Rob Nugen (@thunderrabbit) <a href="https://twitter.com/thunderrabbit/status/627663113400139776">August 2, 2015</a></blockquote>
<script async src="//platform.twitter.com/widgets.js"
charset="utf-8"></script>

Then I talked to them as they were finishing before lunch.  They
invited me to join them when they started again at 1pm.

Before I left, a guy came up, "do you remember me?" and I kinda did,
but not his name, Yuki; we had met at JB School Christmas party this
past year, and apparently at a lesson after that, though I didn't
remamber the lesson (but may have a (false) memory of it now..)

Anyway, I joined them at 1pm, and received shoes (yellow crocs) from
NM-san (whose wife Ihad spoken to briefly before lunch).  He
gave them to me, which made sense because they had to wash out the
spiders and leaves and candy wrapper that had collected in the shoes
during their tenure of abandonment until today.

I received a はっぴ which I put on over my スヌーピ shirt and off we
went, carrying this fancy mikoshi around the neighborhood!

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet" lang="en"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">LIVE on <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/Periscope?src=hash">#Periscope</a>: Carry Mikoshi <a href="https://t.co/EMCVpH4Rd6">https://t.co/EMCVpH4Rd6</a></p>&mdash; Rob Nugen (@thunderrabbit) <a href="https://twitter.com/thunderrabbit/status/627697168392957952">August 2, 2015</a></blockquote>
<script async src="//platform.twitter.com/widgets.js"
charset="utf-8"></script>

We took a few breaks, featuring tea, cucumbers, edamame (like
easy-open green beans), watermelon, and some beer, sponsored by local
shops, it seemed.  Before 4pm several mikoshi queued up near the local
police station, ready for a parade down the street!

We had a bit of downtime before then so Yuki's dad (who's kinda like
the caretaker of our particular mikoshi) took the time to tighten the
ropes holding the "raft" of logs together (only 4 logs, so hardly a
raft).  I "helped" by holding the wooden mallet he used to lever the
ropes far tighter than possible by hand.

4pm arrived, and I joined the group carrying the mikoshi down the
street.  It seemed to go on forever, and I kept looking ahead to see
how much farther; trust me I was ready to be done at any time!  To add
to the fun, they started doing a slow swaying, leaning, more difficult
version of carrying it, and at that time, Yuki pulled me out of the
scrum.   yessssss.

I was in awe of how they could hold it up while leaning so far from
side to side.

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet" lang="en"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">LIVE on <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/Periscope?src=hash">#Periscope</a>: Several Mikoshi <a href="https://t.co/xrxHBXz1IX">https://t.co/xrxHBXz1IX</a></p>&mdash; Rob Nugen (@thunderrabbit) <a href="https://twitter.com/thunderrabbit/status/627739469928509441">August 2, 2015</a></blockquote>
<script async src="//platform.twitter.com/widgets.js"
charset="utf-8"></script>

The above video is a lot of the same, so fast forward to the end and
there's a brief interview with Yuki who answered the million dollar
question of "why?"

"Because it's fun!"

The interview took place in the local shrine where all the mikoshi
came to rest for a closing ceremony.  A few guys talked briefly, and I
could understand approximately 0.5%, but I guess the content was "Good
job; thanks for joining; let's do it again next year"

Then, and this is the part I had never seen before (not even on
video), there was a ceremony during which (my understanding:) the gods
were thanked, and removed from their respective shrines, into which
they had been ceremoniously placed at an opening ceremony the previous
day.  The crowd was also blessed and served ______ (I forgot the
name), which is rice wine (日本酒) which had been specifically blessed
for our benefit.

I was invited to eat so we walked back to the meeting point (gently
carrying the mikoshi, which was taken to its home for the year) and
then went to dinner.  NM-san was there, so I double-thanked him
for the shoes and he double-confirmed I should keep them.  They were
crocs so my feet were still dirty so I washed them at the entrance of
the small dining hall where several low tables had been placed, and loaded with
food.

Washing my feet before going in, I experienced a moment of inner
(emotional/spiritual) growth.  The best I can describe it was that in
previous cases I washed my feet with a slight feeling of guilt, with
nagging voice in my head, "well if you'd just wear shoes, you wouldn't
inconvenience people by having to wash your feet."  But this time it
was more like, "the feet are dirty, so wash the feet."  No ego, no
guilt.  Just simple logic.

Yuki pointed to a dry washcloth on the floor for me to dry my feet, so
I stepped up onto it and dried them, and after I finished, someone
took the cloth for me and everything proceeded as normal.

We all crammed in to the small hall.. it wasn't not as crowded as a
Tokyo train, but my back was touching the back of the guy sitting at
the table behind me.  I happened to be seated next to Mika, who had
spoken to me earlier at one of the breaks.  Yuki sat to my left.  We
were all sitting in 正座　（せいざ (seiza)）,
[basically sitting on feet with knees pointing forward](https://encrypted.google.com/search?q=%E6%AD%A3%E5%BA%A7&hl=en&source=lnms&tbm=isch&sa=X&ved=0CAcQ_AUoAWoVChMItNCxwOCKxwIVBOemCh164AcQ&biw=935&bih=721),
so Yuki asked a couple of times if I was okay.  He goes, "just let me
know if you want to go."  I was fine, so I stayed.  Plus, free
delicious food!

I asked who paid for it, and he said that basically people in the
neighborhood chip in.  "Oh!  yeah we pay that fee; something like $10
per year."

"Yup; that's the one."

Whew; so I had already paid!! (but technically speaking, I had paid
the fee in *my* neighborhood, not *this* neighborhood, fully 1
kilometer distant!)

Beer was poured, and I drank it for the opening カンパイ "kanpai" (cheers),
instead of explaining how much I don't drink alcohol.  The food was
great: sashimi (raw sliced fish), deep batter-fried sliced
onion+veggies, Japanese potato + chicken + gabon + baby-bamboo salad,
warm somen (thin noodle) soup, batter-fried chicken, and onigiri
(triangular rice balls).

Yuki's dad poured beer for me after I had nearly finished the first
one (these were small small small glasses; basically beer shot glasses
(maybe 100cc)), and it spilled over a bit so I took a sip to keep it
from overflowing onto the food before we カンパイed (said cheers).
Yuki explained it was a gesture of thanks/welcome.

I asked Yuki if the カンパイ should take precedence over sipping to
stop a spill before the カンパイ.  He said it was okay to sip first:
he explained it was his dad's fault (for overpouring)!

Yuki's dad's older brother spoke for a bit,
"thanks for coming; let's do it again next year."  (it was quite short
and I understood 85 to 90 percent.)

We ate, and Mika assured me I can use chopsticks well, but I didn't
mind.  I considered telling her I had used chopsticks as a kid in the
US, but I didn't even do that.

At one point, I looked up as someone was holding a jar of yellow water
with something in the bottom...  oh!  a snake!

I offered my glass up, thinking that doing so would either be a funny
joke for the crowd, or hell yeah for my first chance to drink
snake-flavored alcohol!  Yuki assured me it was real and I got 3/4
beer-shot-glass full.  I waited for one other guy to get his, and I
tried to カンパイ him, but either he didn't hear or whatever, so I カ
ンパイed the group at large, 蛇カンパイ！ (snake cheers!!) and downed
about 3/4s of it.  I was like, "whoo!" at the end, and everyone
cheered and it was great: partially great because it didn't taste like
snake, but mostly great because it was another growth moment.  Not the
drinking itself, but the requesting and shouting [snake cheers] to a
crowd of people I don't know.

I didn't worry about the correct protocol for anything; I just went
with it: tried to カンパイ the other partaker, カンパイed the group,
(he カンパイed me a bit later), downed the snake-whisky and realized
something I can't really articulate.

Basically I didn't need to be shy nor (worry that I might not) do the
right thing; just go with the flow and it's all good.

It wasn't cause I was drunk and losing inhibitions; it seems I was
just losing inhibitions.  And after writing this whole story out, I
can't help but notice I had just been present at a ceremonial
blessing.

Dinner ended wayyy sooner than I expected for the number of people and
the amount of food we had!  But there was a schedule: karaoke was
going on at the shrine!  BUT, Yuki said he and several of his peeps
were going to a Japanese bathhouse first, so I said I would join them
there.  As everyone was getting up, Yuki introduced me to his mom as
well.  I explained how I had met Yuki originally and earlier this day.

Yuki's dad sat me down for another quick drink as the tables were
being cleared, and I spoke with him a bit, about where I was from and
was it hotter in Tokyo or Houston.  I noticed the clock on the
opposite wall featured Snoopy on it, which matched my t-shirt!  (same
character, not same design. (that would be like God pushing the point
a bit more than necessary.)) I was like, "wow!  snoopy!  same as my
shirt!" which I might normally have just made a mental note and not
told everyone about it.  *what if they don't care?  what if they don't
undertand me?  what if I say it wrong?* But today I said it, and maybe
no one cared or everyone cared, but it didn't matter.  Snoopy!

As we left, I thanked NM-san a third time, and he assured me I should
*wear* the shoes instead of carry them (as I was doing at the time).
The group concurred (as I would need to take them off at the bath
house (and there was no hose outside the door to wash my feet).  I
made a big show out of how painful it was to put on the shoes, and
they laughed and we headed toward Yuki's house where they got clean
clothes to wear after the bath.

I waited outside, noting how I had recently changed; that I had been
more chatty and less worried about crap.  I spoke to Yuki's dad when
he came up, and asked him about the thing he said he made outside.  He
told me where I could buy one cheaply, and then Yuki et al came out
and we walked to the bath house by way of the convenience store, where
two of us bought towels.  Then Yuki was like, "oh I brought you a
towel" so I was like, "oops haha I didn't know" and that was it; I
didn't worry about it (though I did thank him again later)

In the bath house, we washed up then got into the baths; they had four
different types in close vicinity: hot water at 43 C, cold water at 19
C,a nd a medium temperature bath (maybe 35 C (I didn't check)) which
was contoured for relaxation and had arm rails to keep people from
drowning if they fell asleep.  We joked about 沈沈 shrinkage from the
cold water, and I happily jumped from hot to cold to hot to cold, but
most happily is that I was just happy, splashing around with the
group, talking about how cold or hot the water was, and how it was my
first time to try an amazing new thing: electric pulsed water!

One side of the 43 C tub had pictures of scorpions (not electric eels)
(I think; I wasn't wearing my glasses) and if we sat (or even just
touched) the water in that area, it would provide AC current coursing
through our bodies!  I loved it!  I winced with pain and joked "if I
die; tell my wife" as I sat with my back near the wall and could feel
my stomach just knotted up and my chest like tight; it was so crazy
and so fun and so weird.  I made a point on the second time from cold
water to hot water to specifically get *in* to the hot water in the
electric end of it, partially to show off, but partially just for the
challenged, and mostly just because it was fun!

There were limits to my newfound ability to chat: when I stepped into
a separate room featuring three men talking in a tub loaded with
calcium, I didn't interrupt them or talk about what was in the tub; I
just enjoyed it for a second, and then got out when I realized I could
more easily chat with the others.  But even that was a new thing; I
might have previously second-guessed how long I "should" stay in the
tub; I had just gotten in; I couldn't just get out; they'll think I'm
a wimp!  (no they won't; they won't think anything at all.)

Rinsed off; headed out; got dressed; headed out, and found the group
outside and Yuki's dad had purchased a drink for me: bottled milk! Wow
so nice!  (why did they serve milk at the sento?) and we カンパイed
and Yuki said I should drink it like his dad who had stood up and
drank the milk with his hand on his hip.  I don't know if that was a
thing, or if Yuki was teasing his dad, but I just went with it, and
downed most of the bottle and exahaled a big satisfied AAahhhhh
afterward.

From that point, we headed to karaoke at the shrine and listened to
enka while eating shaved ice and flavored syrup.  I stayed until the
end with Yuki's parents and several of the older peeps and thanked
them at the end for honestly the most memorable day I've had in a long
time.

## 2:32am

finished writing in just over 2 hours, and about to post on FB cause
it was that good hahaa.
