---
title: Dream
tags: teenagers
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2015-08-05T08:51:52+09:00
---

## 08:51 Wednesday 05 August 2015 JST


I was hanging out with some teenagers I didn't know as they were doing
some dangerous experiments. A woman had a hairbrush which could
deliver an electric pulse if the brush part touched somone.  She
touched her friend on the head with it, and he was shocked, but became
addicted to it.  He asked her touch him with the brush all over his
face.  He pointed to his chin and made a circle around his face and
back to his chin.  This was a higher dosage than anyone could really
reaonably take, so she just touched his chin, but then he grabbed the
brush and was rubbing it all over his face and put it inside his
mouth, receiving shocks all over .. and apparently loving it.

He stopped after a bit, and she was commenting that it was a huge
result for her dissertation, and she came in to the room where I had
gone while he was going a bit too crazy for my taste and she said
"stupid Cindy! she didn't follow the protocol by staying on the table
and now they've got the gray death."

I ws like "what is that?" and the she explained their breathing was
synchronized as they had become linked.

I go, "What if you separate them?"

It won't matter. Their breathing is linked in spirit.

I was like, "well, synchronzied breathing doesn't sound so bad."

Yes, for now, but it's a slow process, and it will slowly cause them
to synchronize their circadian rhythms more and more until they can't
survive as they'll be incompatible with what they actually need to do
in life. If they ever change time zones they will be each perpetually
jet lagged as their matching rhythms cannot adjust to the local
time. That's just an easy-to-explain effect, but the same idea happens
with their heartbeat, digestion, liver funcitons, everything.  At
first it's okay, but it adds up over timr and will cause one of them
to die.  And when one dies,.. well..

