---
title: what do I want to do?
tags: 
author: Rob Nugen
date: 1996-05-30
---

## 8:06am Thursday 30 May 1996

See, all the stories of cool innovative things I've heard (like last night,
I met Mandy, from London, who has been for years fascinated with textiles and
cloth.  She kept buying cloth pieces until she had trunks full.  She didn't
know why she had it, until she started creating hanging cloth art, that could
be arguably described as quilted, but is definitely unique and intriging.
She is beginning to sell her work, and loves what she does!) that people
do to make cash have all started with them breaking away from the norm and 
just doing what they *love* with all their heart and then developing it into
something where they can make money at it.

Where is *my* thing?  What do *I* love to do so much that I can just do and
create and continue until I can make a living on it?

My life currently is a big mishmash of stuff that I'm doing in all variety of
different types of things like working with youth at church, doing email, 
skating, playing frisbee....  But none of them are something I *LOVE*.. Arg.
What I want to do is make money while helping the rainforest.  Once I'm out of
debt, I'll help with the rainforest *free*; just give me a place to sleep and
something to eat and I'm happy.  Maybe I can volunteer for now.  I just need to
call them up....

Okay!   I called Christine, a friend of mine who used to work for the Earth
Foundation.  I'm going over to her house and we'll figure out all the details
of how I can work for them.  Thank you!

(that was all written to someone named Karen)

I know I was ontrack last night.  Christine called me just as I was
going to leave and said "gimme 30 more minutes."  No problem.  5 minutes before
I was going to leave, Danielle Jensen came in, "Rob???"  Turns out she had
just told Soren she wanted a divorce.  Shit.

I called Christine, "I'm going to be a bit late."

Talked with Danielle for a bit and told her all about my SLA recovery and that
it's not all superfantastic fucking all over the place.  I told her how many
hearts I had broken, and about the abortion I had to pay for, and about being
pissed at myself for fucking one more each time I did.  I told her about the
dichotomy of passionate making out with Donatella, opposed to fucking Kris the
next day or so and how I had had so much more respect for Donatella than I 
did for Kris.. I should have mentioned that I'm still in touch with Donatella,
but not with Kris.   So I told her all this shit about how it sucks to fuck
around and that I couldn't make her not do it, but that it was not great fun
all the time.

I suggested that she not go run back home, "Soren, I'm cured!"; she still 
needs her freedom.   I gave her big hugs and tried to make sure I kept from
kissing her too much.  We never kissed on the lips and I feel like I was
successful in keeping my bottom-line behavior from happening.  I really 
wanted to make out with her.   Happily, I didn't want to fuck her.

Went to Christine's and told her all about what's going on with me and she
didn't tell me about her stuff since I didn't want to hear about how great
she's doing with that guy. (How could I have forgotten his name just now?)
Christine didn't mother me, and I only asked for one cookie, and I left
when she requested verbally and we were pretty aware of what all was going
on between us.  Nothing sexual except a few swats on the ass (not spanking)
and I again believe I did no bottom line behavior.

--------------------------------------------------------

## 96/05/30 08:04:06 st1m5

Here we are and I'm almost not quite late for work.

## 96/05/30 08:06:56 st1m5

I just figured out a cool way to get individual timestamps in here.  I made
a file called timestamp which I can reset the time in and then just copy it
over here.  It only works up to the first 8 lines, and it would change all the
time stamps in the file, but I want them unique, but accurate..

## 7:32pm Thursday 30 May 1996

Got it!!

```M-x set-variable``` to set the ```time-stamp-format``` variable.  I *love* emacs!!!!

Fuckit!  The thing didn't save it after I quit emacs and reran it. 
