---
title: dispute
tags: []
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2000-02-15
---

<title>dispute</title>
<p class=date>9:23am CST Tuesday 15 February 2000</p>

<p>I'm reconciling my bank statement and see a surprising charge of
$38.60 from R&R Manufacturing in Ramsey MN.  I'm talking to the bank
now to dispute it.

<p>(ugh I need a headset phone!)

<p>Okay.  I've got the phone receiver balanced on top of my head,
slightly tilted so I can (hopefully) hear the CSR when she comes back.
It worked!  But now I'm back on hold.  Too bad I don't have a webcam!

<p>We're close to breaking record high temperatures!  Record high for
today is 84 degrees set in 1968 I think he said.  We are not likely to
hit it, but tomorrow and next day record of 81 and 83 degrees we are
more likely to reach. wow!

<p>- - - - -

<p>"Please answer the following questions so I can enter your
dispute," she asked.

<p>"Okay."

<p>"Have you given your card number to a merchant over the phone or
internet?"

<p>"Yes."

<p>"have you used your card number to make regular payments to a
health club, or an internet service provider, or is your card being
credited for merchandise return?"

<p>[pause] "Um, okay: No to the health club, yes to the internet, no
to returned merchandise."

<p>"do you have the card in your possession?"

<p>"yes."

<p>"are you the only one using the card?"

<p>"yes."

<p>"is your pin number on your card?"

<p>"no."

<p>"did you file a police report?"

<p>"no."

<p>[pause] "Okay.  I have entered a dispute in the amount of $38.60,
for which you will receive a provisional credit within 24 hours.
Within 5 days you will receive a letter indicating the status of the
dispute....."

<p>- - - - -

<p>The second question was so wacked that I had her go back and reread
it.  I've written it pretty closely to how she read it, although the
wording on the merchandise return part is a bit off.  I told her that
it seemed pretty jumbled when asked that way.

<p>Last night at Wende's, I wrote my first draft for a perl script
that I will use to keep track of my bank account balance on the web!
It will be called PerlCash.  If I am impressed with the results, I'll
give out the source code.

<p>I still need to work out the specifics of what the transactions
will look like in the database, but that should be relatively minor.
(I can hear some of my college profs having a fit over that
statement.)

<p>Ooops!  I gotta go to work!

<p>With Love
<br>- Rob










