---
title: OKC Rally by Dane Dormio
tags: [ "YRUU" ]
author: Rob Nugen
date: 1997-04-14
---

<p>
<center>
<h3>1997 OKC rally as seen through the eyes of Dane Dormio.</h3>
</center>
<hr>
We left as soon as we could Friday and stopped in Conway to pick up 
Meghan Rose and Nick Grunewald.  Meghan had hurt her knee really bad 
in a soccer game right after the Little Rock rally, but she was 
almost healed and only had to use crutches a little.  Nick was hyper 
and kept us all awake whenever he was around us.  After the rally my 
mom said she had given him his Ritalin every time he was supposed 
to take it, but my sister still complained.  Meghan put her hurt leg 
across Nick's lap and mine, so besides Nick's antics I had a foot 
fetish to indulge to help stave off boredom.
<p>
When we stopped at a gas station, Nick bought a cap gun and a bunch 
of caps.  It took us about seven hours to get there, and we were only 
about forty-five minutes to an hour from the church when we stopped.  
We had lost the map our hosts had so kindly drawn for us, so my mom 
called Debbie Barnes at the church to get directions.  We got there 
without any problems, except that Nick's el cheapo cap gun had broken 
before we were half way there, but he could still shoot it, a 
situation which my sister would remedy shortly upon our arrival by 
tearing it apart into several separate components.
<p>
We arrived just after Fayetville, and it was them and the OKC people 
that we saw first.  I affectionately said hi to Mellissa 
Cain, Suzanne Kelly, Tiffany Schneider, Erin Bailey, Kitty Rankin, 
Austin Roth, and Sean Murray, then did the same to the youth from 
Fayetville and their advisor, Tera Little, showing off my bottle of 
bubbles that I had saved from SWUUSI. (This bottle happened to be 
well known) I was  really surprised to see Gavin Robins from 
Fayetville, whom I had not seen since SWUUSI '95.  He had cut off his 
midback-long hair  and I was pissed.  I went inside and registered, 
because it was cold, and the way touch groups were being marked was 
with nail polish.  After getting my middle finger painted purple, I 
ran around exchanging hugs and kisses and licks with all my friends.  
I found Charlotte Benbeneck-Price and did the same with her, and 
after getting our picture taken together we headbanged to "Portrait 
of an American Family" by Marilyn Manson with a few other fans until 
that activity was ceased by a combination of dizziness, fatigue, 
headache, requests to turn the music off, and the arrival of new 
people.
<p>
I wore my White Zombie shirt with the devil on the front and "I 
went to Hell and all I got was this crummy tee-shirt" on the back 
that I got in trouble for at school.  It got plenty of laughs.  Keith 
and Tia Lawlor arrived from Austin shortly and after them Bryan 
Beck and Curtis Mcormack from San Antonio, but Curtis went to sleep 
as soon as he came in, and I didn't see him until Saturday morning.  
Anna Magwood, Megan Holt, and Nick Carter were among the last people 
to arrive and when they came in I met Anna's dad, Jim.  He is 6'5 and 
about 300 pounds.  I talked to him later and found out that he is a 
cool guy.  He was not at all critical or biased, the way a lot of 
adults I meet are.  A great UU.  He is from Canada, and he and his 
family moved to Houston two (I think) years ago.  He has a degree in 
paleontology and went to someplace in the arctic to do studies as a 
post-graduate.
<p>
James Meine was the last person I remember arriving, a half hour 
later than he should have because of car trouble not to far from the 
church.  He bit my neck and said that he was going to collapse, which 
is very out-of-character for him, especially on Friday night.
<p>
Opening circle was not the best ever, not very organized or official. 
It broke up quickly.  I was disappointed that Dallas didn't show up, 
but there was still a pretty good turnout; about fifty or sixty 
youths and I think a total of 68, including advisors.
<p>
The general partying continued all night.  In the church's high 
school room, which was supposed to be a 24-hour music-party-hangout 
room, but which later turned into a thickly cushioned 
sleep-workshop-movie room, several movies were played, including 
"Army of Darkness", which has to be the STUPIDEST movie I have ever 
seen.  I spoofed it along with everyone else in the room, Anna's feet 
resting in my lap and enjoying a massage.  I fell asleep during the 
last half of that movie, and please forgive me, but I actually got a 
few hours of sleep Friday night.  I never have slept on Friday night 
before, but there wasn't anything better to do, so I thought I might 
as well.
<p>
After breakfast, the morning workshops started.  I went to tie-dyeing 
and tie-dyed some of my underwear.  This may sound weird, but now 
when I'm in the locker room in P.E. I can go, "Hey guys, look at my 
tie-dyed underwear."  Tia and Charlotte used the dye on their 
hair.  There was also a halo-making workshop and there was supposed 
to be a full contact monopoly game played with four big long 
styrofoam "noodles", but this didn't happen because everybody just 
wanted to run around smacking each other with the noodles.  When I 
was finished tie-dyeing, I had a noodle fight with Mike Moren, and 
although I hate to brag, I must say that I kicked his ass, although 
fair blows were exchanged both ways.  By the time we truced the 
halo-making workshop was finished and Anna gave me a halo she had 
made to wear as a victory crown.
<p>
Lunch was subs, because of the theme, "The Rocky Horror Subway Show". 
I rolled around and snuggled and visited until later that evening, 
when I went into the high school room and laid down with Anna and 
lazily spoofed some Bruce Lee movie, "The China Connection", I think. 
It was dubbed, and I don't really know what it was about, except a 
couple of kung fu schools getting really pissed at each other and 
really fake-looking fighting with Bruce Lee against everybody, 
kicking multiple asses at once, and it was also the STUPIDEST movie I 
had ever watched.
<p>
When it was getting to be dinner time, around five or six, Melissa, 
who was my touch group leader, came to tear me away to do dinner 
prep.  We were the only two people in the touch group to actually go 
into the kitchen and work, but we had plenty of volunteer help, so it 
was alright.  We made garlic bread, various microwave lasagnas, and 
brownies for desert, so I got to lick the bowl with Heidi Bickner and 
my sister.  Dinner was scheduled for six, but it was not finally 
ready until 7:10, which seemed like it was bad because the contra 
dancers were coming at 7:30, but it was really ok, some people ate 
while some people danced.
<p>
I thought contra dancing (don't ask me why they call it that) would 
be something exotic, but it was actually just square dancing, which I 
guess is somewhat exotic, or at least unusual, to me because I have 
not square danced since the time our school made us do it in the 
fourth or fifth grade.  Rob Nugen's girlfriend Wende, a young woman 
whom I thought I would never see again after she was a visitor at 
Houston but whom I was pleasantly surprised to see at OKC and find 
out she was an advisor so I would get to see her many more times, 
asked me to dance with her, and I did even though I didn't have any 
desire to except for maybe a small inkling, but I did because she 
asked me to and if I asked somebody to dance it would really spoil my 
fun if they said no, and I wanted to do something nice for Wende, 
because I wasn't against dancing either, I just needed  a little 
motivation, and damnit, I had a lot of fun square dancing, and I 
don't care if you or anybody else likes it or not, something I didn't 
have to worry about among my YRUU friends, and I think that was why I 
really enjoyed it, that I would enjoy almost anything I do with them. 
(Man, that was a long sentence)  The contra dancers had a band and a 
bunch of dancers to guide, and one of the woman dancers, who reminded 
me of a transvestite, Danielle, in my fellowship, had this loose 
dress that would fly up way too far whenever she would twirl and you 
could see her butt and everything.
<p>
They stayed until after eleven, but I only danced for a comparatively 
short period of time and after I quit I sat on the floor with Anna 
and Jim and Wendy and watched.  While Anna was listening to a discman 
and couldn't hear us, the cover of the Romeo and Juliet soundtrack 
made Jim think of the time when Anna had been going on about how 
great Leonardo Dicaprio was and her grandfather had asked why, he was 
such a dork, and Anna had gone off on him, so Jim told me about it.  
Then the same picture reminded me of my Incredible Hulk 
impersonation, so I showed it to them.
<p>
I saw Bill Loden and Bethany Manning, a rally virgin from Fayetville, 
together, and they seemed like they had known each other for a long 
time.  This didn't seem very likely at all, so I asked Bill, and he 
said no, he had just "gotten a feeling" that he should know her, 
which would sound weird coming from anyone else but Bill, because 
Bill is a very wise and spiritually developed person, like his mom.  
By the way, this rally was the one-year anniversary of the day Bill 
quit smoking.
<p>
After the contra dancers left, Rob started a physical game, crab tag, 
and it mutated into several variations of tag, until I suggested 
we play Link, a tag game involving pairs of people linking and 
unlinking.  At a point when James and I were linked, we took a break 
to get some of Bill and Cathy Saur's birthday cake.  Their birthdays 
were both on the same day, I think Saturday.  I accidentally dropped 
my cake and got icing on Joanna's sleeping bag, but it was alright 
because I licked most of it off.  About this time, (Kitty) Kat came 
back, because she had left for work at five, and she had lost her 
voice.
<p>
The talent show was the next event, and it was good even though it 
was in the sanctuary, which was cold.  It got to me after a while, so 
Anna and I got under my jacket to warm up.  Although it was an 
exceptionally great talent show with a lot of original acts, like 
poems and songs by Rob and Samantha doing a perfect moonwalk in a 
dance, sleep was constantly nagging at me until I was brought back 
instantly from the edge of consciousness by Steve asking if anyone 
knew the words to "Dead Puppies", a fairly exclusive bit of knowledge 
which I possess and am proud of.  I always jump at the chance to sing 
"Dead Puppies", especially since there is little competition because 
the song seems all but forgotten, a situation which I will take time 
to remedy.  So Brian and I sang "Dead Puppies" with Steve playing and 
singing backup.  Steve also played his classic, "Rocky Racoon", and a 
few others before "Dead Puppies" which I was not awake for.
<p>
I went to worship at eleven, right after the talent show, which was 
put on by Austin, who is a good worship coordinator.  It was a 
foot-washing, thought-sharing worship.  Nick Carter and I washed each 
other's feet.  When we had all shared our thoughts and meditations on 
washing feet, we sang a pagan chant:  "We are a circle, within a 
circle, with no beginning, and never ending" and had a big long group 
hug.  We were so emotional, you would have thought we were about to 
say goodbye if you didn't know any better.  It just goes to show the 
power of a good foot washing.
<p>
"The Rocky Horror Picture Show" was supposed to play downstairs at 
midnight, but it turned out to be two.  Melissa and Suzanne and 
Tiffany dressed up for it in various outfits which showed their legs, 
and I guess they were embarassed about their legs, especially 
Tiffany, because I saw them in the hall a few times, and every time 
they would duck behind a corner, and when I went to ask them what 
they were doing, they would run giggling and screaming into the 
girl's bathroom.  I was going to watch the movie, but I knew I 
wouldn't be able to stay awake for it, and since there were no 
comfortable places to go to sleep downstairs, I skipped it and 
wandered around, occasionally running into a small group of people 
who were still awake.
<p>
I floated around on bits and peices of drowsy conversation with the 
stragglers, and put all the left over brownie crumbs in a bowl and 
poured milk over them to eat them.  They didn't make me as sick as I 
thought they would.  Finally, about an hour and a half before wake 
up, which was at the usual time of six a.m., I decided to go to the 
high school room and find a mattress to lay down on and go to sleep.  
And then, twenty minutes later, I got around to staggering out there 
through the cold for an hour's sleep before cleaning up.
<p>
But my hour of sleep was not to be.  No, it mutated into two hours 
and forty-seven minutes of sleep.  I woke up and looked around to 
find everyone else still asleep.  It didn't think I had woken up 
early, so I looked at my watch and it said 7:47.  We were almost two 
hours late!  I quickly went back into the main building to find out 
from somebody what was going, a failed effort because there was 
nobody awake to find out from, ok though because it was pretty 
self-explanatory at this point.  Nobody had woken up!  No problem, it 
was but a matter of minutes until Debbie was running around with a 
whistle and screaming and kicking people.  I went back out to the 
high school room to wake people up and tell them we were late, then 
went back inside to wake people and clean up in there.  A while 
later, before Debbie had gotten there, I went to the high school room 
again and found that hardly anybody had gotten up.  So I warned them, 
"Get up quick or Debbie will come out here blowing a whistle and 
screaming and kicking people!", but no sooner had I uttered the words 
than I heard a now-familiar shrill sound and imperative yet cheery 
voice, and a few seconds later my prophecy came true when Debbie 
burst through the door.  I evacuated immediately and went to the main 
building again to clean up.  I donated the fondly remembered bubbles 
from SWUUSI to the church, because someone had lost the lid, and 
the huge jug was just about empty anyway.  Since we were late, 
everyone busted their asses and we got finished with time to spare.  
<p>
At closing circle we did "Dead Puppies" and "Bish-Bish" and got 
mugbooks, which were not nearly as good as Little Rock's I thought, 
but were not the worst I've seen.  Bryan gave out his new copies of 
the "Yackity-Yac", with the rally review of Little Rock and dates of 
rallies and SWUUSI until San Antonio next year.  Breakfast was 
assorted doughnuts, which are always better than plain glazed 
doughnuts, and there were plenty left over when most of the people 
left.  I think we were the last to leave.  I thought I would never 
get done saying goodbye.  I enjoy every rally more than the last one, 
which never seems possible at the time, but I can tell I am still 
growing and changing, and I can't wait for Ft. Worth in May.
<p>

Love and Everything,<br>
Dane

<p>
