---
title: Stuff
tags: [ "erin", "charmain", "amanda", "mower", "fire" ]
author: Rob Nugen
date: 1987-04-04
---

<p class=note>(transcribed 5:40pm CST Thursday 23 January 2003)</p>

<p class=date>April 4, 4:40P.M.</p>

<p>Yesterday Erin left for Oklahoma.  I was going to go see a movie
with Charmain, but she didn't get a ride.  So we didn't.  I was
supplying the money and she was gettin' a ride.  I fell asleep in
front of the T.V. last night.  At 3AM. it went off the air.  This woke
me up.- Weird part: <em>I could not feel my arms</em>.  I mean <b>not
at all.</b>  I could only drag them around.  I couldn't move them.  I
had to literally look for my right arm to see where that dude was.  I
sent a letter to Amanda and Rachel today.  Yesterday Amanda called.
She was totally crying and I didn't even know who it was.  I thought
it was Christina because she cries a lot and I've never heard/seen
Amanda cry.  At first I thought she said her grandmother died.  I
thought Oh Jees.  I hope she didn't say that.  Then I realized it was
Amanda and her cat had died.  I said I was sorry and everything, but
she still just bawled.  The she told me to call Rachel, and I did, and
told Rachel what happened and she said she knew.  That's all.</p>

<p>Now today has been an interesting day.  I was mowing, just cruisin'
along and singing Paul Revere, when the mower started going dead.  I
looked down and gas was pourin' out.  I was about to turn it off and
it caught on fire.  Wow!  I sorta' freaked out. Lucky dad was there.
He just got a water hose and started sprayin'.  He told me to get the
fire extinguisher.  I did and that put it out.  Later, I was scraping
the purple crap off the van windows, 'cause it's hard to see out of
them.  I was trying to take the window out, and Smash!  that dude
cracked up.  We went to Charlie's auto salvage and they didn't have
one.  We found a place that did, and we're gonna get it Monday.  Oh-
it's Saturday today.  Now I'm about to call Christina and see if I can
go over there.  I want to see how much "action" I can get, as Lila put
it.  If I can't, I'll call Charmain to see what's happenin'.  If I
don't go there, I'll ride around by the school.</p>

<p>See you later. Bye 4:59</p>
