---
title: Rally soon
tags: 
author: Rob Nugen
date: 1987-04-22
---

<p class=note>(transcribed 7:08pm CST Saturday 25 January 2003)</p>

<p class=date>10:05 Wednesday.</p>

<p>Rally coming up.  I am happy.  It almost seems too soon for
another, but I guess I can handle it.  Christina is still messed up
cause I broke up.  She came over to me during lunch because she
thought I looked lonely.  She sat down and told me how she was all sad
and stuff.  She wasted my whole lunch hour.  Today we had outdoor
lunch for an hour.  All the students at once.  I was sitting on the
sidewalk, completely content, waiting for someone to pull out a
frisbee or football or hackeysack or something.  While I waited, I
watched the skateboard clique.  They were doing some awesome junk.
Going up and down the curb, jumping over other boards and/or people,
doing handstands, and a whole bunch of shit.  Mr. Cowan watched them
the entire time.  Either he was impressed or he was expecting a wrong
move.  A dude took pictures of them.  It was totally great.  Then
Christina came and I just sat and talked to her the rest of the time.
Boring.  Total waste.  She is getting better though.  Cheri called
today.  She is all nervous about the Rally.  It's her first.  She is
afraid Emily will leave her all alone.  I promised to stick with her.
I told her how much fun she would have.  She was impressed when I said
you'll feel like you've known 'em for a year.  She was like "you get
to know 'em that fast?"  I said Yeah.  She brightened up at that
throught. Then we started talking about Astroworld and all the rides.
She is afraid to ride the Cyclone, Greezed Lighting, and the Looping
Starship.  I will fix that.  I am looking forward to going to
Astroworld with her. 10:20</p>
