---
title: Spring Conference Baton Rouge
tags: [ "yruu" ]
author: Rob Nugen
date: 1987-04-29
---

<p class=note>(transcribed 7:29pm CST Saturday 25 January 2003)</p>

<p class=date>10:40 Wednesday the 29 of April, 1987.</p>

<p>The Rally was awesome.  Cheri had fun.  I am glad.  Debbie Wagner
went with me and mom there.  When we got to the hotel, no youth were
around.  They had gone to the youth hopitality houses.  Debbie found
Rusty Cockrell's room.  (he is sort of out of the teen group) We
talked some and then Cheri & Emily came.  We talked and then me,
Debbie, Em and Cheri went to the girls' hospitality house.  There was
no youth there, either.  Finally someone came.  David Garvoille,
Deborah Dixon, Gail Kean.  Then the rest came who had already gotten
there and gone on a walk.  Ginnie Kilgore, Alisa Velonis, Mike Alves,
Shawn McDaniel, and some new people.  Bryn, Katie, Janine, and some
guys.  We talked till about 12:00.  Then the guys went to our house.
We were up until about 2.  I slept on the floor.  Woke up at about
7:30.  Took a shower, ate, and we left for the hotel.  Ginnie did a
workshop: 1/2 of the group asks questions, and other 1/2 answers.
Then we went out by the pool.  Only me, Alva, and Ginnie swam.  I
found out that lemon peel tastes rather sweet after eating a lemon.
[From my memory as I transcribe my own entry: this is the time that
Ginnie was rubbing lemon juice on her leg hairs to bleach them.  "Turn
blonde, you fuckers!"  So funny!] Then we had lunch.  Then we all went
for a walk.  All 20 or so of us jaywalked a busy street.  That was
funny.  We just took our time.  Sorta bee-boppin' across- just
jammin'.  We went to a miniature shopping mall.  We went into Photon.
That has to be the biggest rippoff.  There was no way we were going to
play.  There was a meeting going on when we came back.  I sat by
Emily, Cheri, Ginnie, & Christina.  The meeting was very boring.
David Garvoille had some fizzy pop things.  When you put them in your
mouth, they pop like rice krispies.  Ginnie put a ton of them in her
mouth and I could easily hear her.  Then the speaker up front said
something incredibly dumb.  Everyone started cracking up and I thought
that would be a good time to tell Ginnie that she sounded like a bowl
of rice krispies.  I turned around and they both (Christina and
Ginnie) started totally cracking up.  Later they said I had the
funniest look that said "why did she say that?"  Whatever.  The three
of us left after that.  We had to go to the YAC meeting.  Before that
Ginnie went to change her clothes.  I went with her.  She didn't have
a key to the room they were in.  So she called a janitor who happened
to be on the floor.  He opened the door for us with no question.  We
could have done it for <em>any</em> room at all.  Talk about loose
security!  Then we went to the YAC meeting.  We voted on how YRUU
would spend money this year.  We also decided the fate of people who
do drugs or alcohol at rallies.  On the first offense, they are sent
home, and suspended from rallies for a year.  On the second time, they
are sent home and will never come to another rally.  Ginnie was
telling us about some cases of drugs from Dallas and drinking at
SWUUSI. The whole time she was saying no names, no names.  The reason
being that she was one of the people who drank at SWUUSI.  I hope she
doesn't get caught.  We also voted on people to be on the YAC
committee.  I was nominated, and gave my little speech, which Ginnie
liked, but I didn't make it.  I was surprised, but not too upset.
Then we got ready for the river cruise.  I almost went with someone
that I don't know if I could strust to keep out of trouble.  It was
probably going to be daring for me.  But, I ended up not going with
her.  I went instead with another guy and a whole bunch of girls.  We
went in a van.  He sat in front.  Wow.  I messed around the whole way
up there.  I'm going to make this short.  I am a week behind in this.
We went on the boat ride and I ended up with Bryn Watkins.  We went
back to the guys' hosue.  All of the teens.  Then Me, Bryn, and 3
other people went to get movies.  I sat in the back and Bryn lay back
on me.  We got The Fly, Eddie Murphy - Delerious, and The Terminator.
Either The Fly or Eddie Murphy was best.  Terminator was just sensless
killing.  Bryn was right beside me through all 3.  The Fly was not as
incredibly gross as I had heard. Some parts were pretty funny. After
the movies, the girls left.  I stayed up with Shawn McDaniel until
about 4:30.  We told jokes and he signed my tie dye shirt.  He told me
these Jokes: Koosh, Thank God, Don't Do it Again, and some Nun jokes.
I told him: Pink Gorilla, Ping Pong Balls, Frayed Not, Unitarians,
Only ones here.  I woke up at about 7:50, took a shower, and we left
for the hotel.  We went to the sanctuary and got some pictures.  We
went outside for closing circle.  We took pictures and sang.  (I need
to write some of the songs down).  We went to the sermon.  The guy up
front said he had a story and any kids could come up if we wanted.
All of us went up there.  After the sermon, we packed, hugged, kissed,
got/gave addresses, hugged, kissed, took pictures then we left.  I
kissed Bryn last.  That was the first time I kissed her.  I doubt we
will do anything.  We saw Janine and Katie on the way home.  We ate in
Lafayette together.  That was nice.  Janine has beautiful eyes.  Katie
was looking pretty, too.  They both have great smiles.  And that was
my Baton Rouge Rally.  It was great.</p>
