---
title: Day 1
tags: pinky
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2017-02-06T18:02:22+09:00
---

## 18:02 Monday 06 February 2017 JST

Okay, so today is Day 1 of my newly modified keyboard layout.  Day 1
as in Hour 1 of Day 1.  Just started this.

And I like it better already.

Problem isn't Emacs Pinky; it's .. what?. PHP Pinky?

My right Pinky hurts from too many dang backspaces and stuff.  So
backspace was the first key to be disabled.  Taking its place is the
semicolon.  So now Pinky doesn't have to move to backspace, which is
pretty much its most common job.

Next up: Return.  My return key is way over there, so I'm going to
turn it off and have.... apostrophe take its place.

Oh wait apostrophe is already remapped to hyphen.  Okay, I-ll

oops.  I;

oops.  I[

fack!

I'll leave Return as is.. oh maybe I can swap the current hyphen for return and return for apostrophe.  Okay brb.

## 18:11 Monday 06 February 2017 JST

Okay now

semicolon is backspace (awesome)
apostrophe is enter
enter is hyphen
F7 is semicolon
F8 is apostrophe
F9 is left bracket
F10 is right bracket

hyphen is still hyphen, so that's a bit weird.

Hmm and Pinky still hurts even just hitting (the new) enter, so we are going to have to be a bit more drastic.

This is hard.

I'll think about it a bit.

## 18:16 Monday 06 February 2017 JST

That was fast.  What I'd like to try is having left-shift-space as enter.

I wonder if that's possible with this software.  (Karabiner-Elements)

Doesn't seem like it.

## 18:23 Monday 06 February 2017 JST

Surprise!  This train only goes to the station after Noborito.  Dang

## 22:12 Monday 06 February 2017 JST

Made it home, taught an English lesson via Skype, which included typing a lot on Google Docs
