---
title: pm
tags: []
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2002-08-05
---

<p class=date>8:50pm CDT Monday 5 August 2002</p>

<p>After work Janette and I played tennis on the newly paved tennis
court in their neighborhood.  I sucked.  I could pretty much hit the
ball each time it came vaguely close to me, but getting just that
correct angle was a challenge.  I often launched the ball out of the
court, once into the street, once behind the court, again into the
street, and once into the trees on the other side of the court (when
we switched sides, there were trees more closely looming over the
court on the side I was facing, so they blocked the balls from going
out everytime I hit them too hard).</p>

<p>About 1/3 of the time I would get a good shot back vaguely in
Janette's direction.  Usually she would have to run some to get to the
ball.</p>

<p>Then we swang on the swings for a bit.  The chains were relatively
short, so I was quickly at the apex of swinging and would come
thunking back onto the chains each time.  I lept out of the seat a few
times, marking with an old green ribbon how far away I landed.  The
second time I beat my first attempt by about 2 inches, but I never got
past that, and then each time I got worse and worse until I made a
desperate 1 leg landing and ninja roll to keep from knocking the wind
out of myself.</p>

<p>Then to play frisbee we went on the other side of the park, where
there were no dogs who might want to chew on a disc.  We didn't play
too long before Janette got a bruise on her finger and choose to quit
after not much longer.  So we climbed a nearby tree with huge
sprawling branches that I easily climbed without using my hands.</p>

<p>The main difficulty in climbing was the number of branches all
over; like a crowded freeway of tree parts.  One branch I climbed was
not as easy.  Its diamter was about 5 or 6 inches and it ascended 6
feet at and angle of about 45 or 50 degrees from horizontal.  It
started quite near the ground, so I wasn't too worried about falling.
I made it up and noticed the branches of another tree nearby...
Hmmmm.</p>

<p>It looked like it would hold me, but I wasn't sure.  I leaned over
and grabbed on, but the tree gave too much for me to feel comfortable
with leaping from my stable branch.  So I pushed myself back to
standing on my branch and turned around to descend again.  I
<em>almost</em> made it all the way down, but lost my balance when I
lept from my branch to the same branch about a foot lower and
horizontal.  Bonked my back against an upward sticking old dead
branch.  Didn't hurt too much.</p>

<p>Chilled on a park bench until the mosquitoes came out.</p>

<p><img src="/images/rob/wL-ROB.gif"/></p>
