---
title: bikes
tags: []
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2002-08-08
---

<p class=date>10:39am CDT Thursday 8 August 2002</p>

<p>Sean and I are about to go ride bikes.</p>

<p class=date>11:24am</p>

<p>Drove to his dad's house to get Sean's soes and backpack.   Now
he's filling his camelpack with water to drink on our adventure.</p>

<p class=date>3:48pm</p>

<p>Wow.  I'm back.  Sean is at Hart's house.  Our adventure took us to
White Rock Lake, to the water treatment plant near the spillover.
Rode along the dam (this time on the horizontal surface designed for
bikes instead of the slanted surface designed for water) to the
spillover and though I was ready to climb the fence into it, Sean
didn't seem so gung ho about the idea.  I trusted his concern and we
just rode around the perimeter, where lots of signs said we were
forbidden to walk, swim, wade, anything near the spillover.  Fine.</p>

<p>Rode along the lake to a dock, and then to a tree that, from the
dock, appeared to be on a penninsula.  Then continued around the lake
and saw a guy sitting on the back of his truck.  He wore a dirty blue
mechanic button up shirt and blue jeans and his truck was pretty well
dented.  Waved to him and he waved back; I decided to turn around and
talk to him so we did.  Turns out he's 70 years old as of March 1st,
and has lived in Dallas area since 1968.  When he was younger, they
didn't know what they didn't have so they didn't want for anything.
There were no TVs and radios advertising to buy all this stuff.  So
they were happy with just a rock and a stick.</p>

<p>He served in the military (he didn't mention any wartime service)
and was in San Francisco or something and then moved to Dallas.  In
1972 he was working on his air conditioner outside, and an air
conditioner mechanic was at the neighbor's house, offered to look at
the unit for free.  Our friend said naw, and just put some WD-40 on
the unit, and he told his wife to turn it on, "the fan jumped so high
into the air, it was over the roof.  Cost me 1700 dollars to get it
fixed."  It was near the end of the summer so they were going to sweat
it out, but that lasted about 1 day and his wife said, "we're getting
it fixed tomorrow."</p>

<p>We rode on and made it all the way around the lake.  Oh, we ate a
sandwich each in there somewhere, and looked through a binocular
telescope thing set up near the lake.  Looked at downtown and birds
and stuff.</p>

<p>Sean chose to go home and hang out with Hart, so I continued alone.
Rode along some unused railroad tracks (I could tell they were unused
because the rails had been removed) and that was nice and flat and
straight, but the gravel took up a lot of energy from my wheels and
legs.  Found a real railroad track crossing over my missing tracks and
ascended the incline and rode along the tressel of this other track
(that was actually a bit scary) with tar and oil on many of the ties,
and bone shaking bumpbumpbumpbumpbumpbumpbumpbumpbump along the enire
thing.  The tressel ended and I maintained my speed in gear 3 - 4 or
so and bumpbumpbumpbumpbumpbumpbumpbumpbumped along the tracks around
a curve until I arrived at Highland (Drive Road | Street | something)
and noticed that my left pedal had shaken loose again.  D'oh!</p>

<p>I asked a mailman how I could get to Mockingbird and 75.  He didn't
really know cause this wasn't his normal route.  I went sorta back
toward the direction from which I had come and saw a woman out
watering her lawn.  I asked her if she had an allen wrench.  Turns out
she did have one, but it was the wrong size.  He neighbor wasn't home,
so she pointed me back along Highland to Fergusen, where I could find
some mechanic type shops.  The first one had nothing, the second shop
helped me tighten it a bit with a screwdriver, and I rode down
Fergusen to I-30 and found a gas station that had the correct size
allen wrench.  Excellent!  Tightened the shit out of my crank and
filled up my water bottle, tipped the guy a dollar for his help.  Rode
along 30 for a bit and then took Samuel up along Tin-something
Memorial Park and then toward highway 75 (therefore toward the Bibby's
house).</p>

<p>But first I recognized the neighborhood where Janette's work is
located, so I went in to say HI to her a bit.  My bike got a light
dusting of white paint as I parked it near where Angelo was painting
some white fence looking things.  HI to Janette and got directions
from her to get to her house.</p>

<p>By the time I was near her house, while on flat ground I was in
gear 2 2 or 2 3.  up a hill I was in 2 1.  Tired tired.</p>

<p>Glad to be back and thankful for such a grand adventure!</p>
