---
title: 000
tags: []
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2002-08-10
---

<p class=date>5:46pm CDT Saturday 10 August 2002</p>

<p>Today is Marta's 10,000th day!  I'm quite pleased to help her
celebrate; she's the first person who has embraced my idea of
celebrating days instead of
years *and* turned 10,000 days old.</p>

<p>We're driving to Dallas now to a comedy club thing and then a lot
of her friends are going to sleep at Jenae's house tonight.</p>

<p class=date>9:01pm</p>

<p>Most people have just met each other here at the restaurant.</p>

<p>- - - -</p>

<p>At the restaurant we were all dancing and drumming at the table.
Marta got her meal served on her 10,000 days old plate from Paint
This!</p>

<p>Dinner over; fun with Rachel being loud beside me and music even
louder behind me.  Marta and Katy (sp) up on stage together with the
musicians playing salsa, and Marta on her lap now, actually.  And the
three of us signing (ASL) back and forth, except Katy knows a
different variant of sign or something. (turns out that she taught
herself sign)</p>

<p>oh and police videos on TV.  Cop: "I'll give you a warning if you
drive me to the station; I locked my keys in the car."</p>

<p>Rachel is funny.</p>

<p>And then a guy from the band pulled me on stage with a random
person from a different table.  We had tambourines and a good ol'
time.</p>

<p class=date>12:26am</p>

<p>Wow. <a href="https://www.ad-libs.com">Ad-libs</a> was completely
amazing.  I'm way impressed with their skillz in making shit up and
retaining information.  Singing was pretty good and funny, though they
didn't have to memorize what they had sung - it was more just go along
with the story line.</p>

<p>The Forward Reverse skit about a bear was quite impressive.  They
ad libbed a story featuring a bear, and the other team got to yell
"forward!" or "reverse!" at random times and make the actors rewind or
play the scene.  So amazing that they were just winging the scene and
<em>memorizing</em> it so they could play it backwards and forwards at
any moment.</p>

<p>"Hey there, Bobby, are you enjoying camping?"</p>

<p>"Yeah, I'm having a really good time."</p>

<p>"Why don't you come sit next to me at the fire?"</p>

<p>"Okay."</p>

<p class=message>"Reverse!"</p>

<p>"Okay."</p>

<p>"Why don't you come sit next to me at the fire?"</p>

<p>"Yeah, I'm having a really good time."</p>

<p class=message>"Forward!"</p>

<p>"Why don't you come sit next to me at the fire?"</p>

<p>"Okay."</p>

<p>"Are you going for a merit badge?"</p>

<p>"I'm working on getting my Weeblo badge."</p>

<p>"A we blow badge?  Oh, I think you'll get a merit badge this
weekend..."</p>

<p class=message>"Reverse!"</p>

<p>"A we blow badge?  Oh, I think you'll get a merit badge this
weekend..."</p>

<p>"I'm working on getting my Weeblo badge."</p>

<p>"Are you going for a merit badge?"</p>

<p>"Okay."</p>

<p>"Why don't you come sit next to me at the fire?"</p>

<p>"Yeah, I'm having a really good time."</p>

<p class=message>"Forward!"</p>

<p>"Why don't you come sit next to me at the fire?"</p>

<p>"Okay."</p>

<p>"Are you going for a merit badge?"</p>

<p>"I'm working on getting my Weeblo badge."</p>

<p>"A we blow badge?  Oh, I think you'll get a merit badge this
weekend..."</p>

<p>"Yeah, I'm going to get my Weeblo Badge, Cub Scout Badge, Boy Scout
Badge, Eagle Scout Badge."</p>

<p>"Would you like a Coca-Cola?"</p>

<p>"I love Coca-Cola!  Are we allowed to drink soft drinks on a
camping trip?"</p>

<p class=message>"Reverse!"</p>

<p>"Are we allowed to drink soft drinks on a camping trip? I love
Coca-Cola!"</p>

<p>"Would you like a Coca-Cola?"</p>

<p>"Yeah, I'm going to get my Weeblo Badge, Cub Scout Badge, Boy Scout
Badge, Eagle Scout Badge."</p>

<p>"A we blow badge?  Oh, I think you'll get a merit badge this
weekend..."</p>

<p class=message>"Forward!"</p>

<p>"A we blow badge?  Oh, I think you'll get a merit badge this
weekend..."</p>

<p>"Yeah, I'm going to get my Weeblo Badge, Cub Scout Badge, Boy Scout
Badge, Eagle Scout Badge."</p>

<p>"Would you like a Coca-Cola?"</p>

<p>"I love Coca-Cola!  Are we allowed to drink soft drinks on a
camping trip?"</p>

<p>Next guy walks in, "I'm ready!"</p>

<p>"Ready for what?"</p>

<p>"Ready to kill!"</p>

<p class=message>"Reverse!"</p>

<p>"Ready to kill!"</p>

<p>"Ready for what?"</p>

<p>"I'm ready!"  Next guy walks backwards offstage.</p>

<p class=message>"Forward!"</p>

<p>Next guy walks in, "I'm ready!"</p>

<p>"Ready for what?"</p>

<p>"Ready to kill!"</p>

<p>"I don't think we're allowed to hunt on this camping trip."</p>

<p>"Whatchoo gonna kill?"</p>

<p>"Anything that mooves!"</p>

<p>"Yeah!"</p>

<p>"I don't approve of killing animals"</p>

<p>Bear rolled forward onstage and jumps onto camper's back,
"arrghhha!"</p>

<p>Hunter tries to shoot the bear off the camper.</p>

<p>"You shot Bobby!"</p>

<p>"Oh no!"</p>

<p class=message>"Reverse!"</p>

<p>"Oh no!"</p>

<p>"You shot Bobby!"</p>

<p>Hunter tries to shoot the bear off the camper.</p>

<p>"arrghhha!" bear jumps off the camper's back and rolls backward
offstage.</p>

<p>"I don't approve of killing animals"</p>

<p class=message>"Forward!"</p>

<p>"I don't approve of killing animals"</p>

<p>Bear rolled forward onstage and jumps onto camper's back,
"arrghhha!"</p>

<p>Hunter tries to shoot the bear off the camper.</p>

<p>"You shot Bobby!"</p>

<p>"Oh no!"</p>

<p>Bear jumps on the hunter, points the hunter's own gun under
hunter's chin and shoots him.</p>

<p>Bear then shoots the adult camper.</p>

<p class=message>"Reverse!"</p>

<p>Bear unshoots the hunter, ungrabs the hunter's gun, jumps off the
hunter.</p>

<p>"Oh no!"</p>

<p>"You shot Bobby!"</p>

<p>Hunter tries to shoot the bear off the camper.</p>

<p>"arrghhha!" bear jumps off the camper's back and rolls backward
offstage.</p>

<p>"I don't approve of killing animals"</p>

<p>"Yeah!"</p>

<p>"Anything that mooves!"</p>

<p>"Whatchoo gonna kill?"</p>

<p>"I don't think we're allowed to hunt on this camping trip."</p>

<p>"Ready to kill!"</p>

<p>"Ready for what?"</p>

<p>"I'm ready!"  Next guy walks backwards offstage.</p>

<p>"Are we allowed to drink soft drinks on a
camping trip? I love Coca-Cola!"</p>

<p>"Would you like a Coca-Cola?"</p>

<p>"Yeah, I'm going to get my Weeblo Badge, Cub Scout Badge, Boy Scout
Badge, Eagle Scout Badge."</p>

<p>"Forward!"

<p>"Yeah, I'm going to get my Weeblo Badge, Cub Scout Badge, Boy Scout
Badge, Eagle Scout Badge."</p>

<p>"Would you like a Coca-Cola?"</p>

<p>"I love Coca-Cola!  Are we allowed to drink soft drinks on a
camping trip?"</p>

<p>Next guy walks in, "I'm ready!"</p>

<p>"Ready for what?"</p>

<p>"Ready to kill!"</p>

<p>"I don't think we're allowed to hunt on this camping trip."</p>

<p>"Whatchoo gonna kill?"</p>

<p>"Anything that mooves!"</p>

<p>"Yeah!"</p>

<p>"I don't approve of killing animals"</p>

<p>Bear rolled forward onstage and jumps onto camper's back,
"arrghhha!"</p>

<p>Hunter tries to shoot the bear off the camper.</p>

<p>"You shot Bobby!"</p>

<p>"Oh no!"</p>

<p>Bear jumps on the hunter, points the hunter's own gun under
hunter's chin and shoots him.</p>

<p>Bear then shoots the adult camper.  Bear fires the gun into the
air, dancing around like "ants and cheese"</p>

<p>- - - -</p>

<p>For the game What Are You Doing, They used my suggestion of light
bulb for "screwing in a light bulb" and then the moderator stopped it,
thinking they wouldn't be able to come up with more stuff.  Also my
suggestion of Space Travel and my initials R N for what are you doing,
like, "Rocketing to Neptune" etc, but the others were all about 6
words long instead of 2.  Then letters F and J were used to "Fax
Jesus" and "Just Fondling" and "Feeling Jewish" Great sometimes crude
stuff.</p>

<p>When they did a story as different characters, the characters were
a Jazz man, a gigilo, girl scout, and Thunder Rabbit!  The story was
called 7-11 Wedding, and it was relatively funny, but not amazing.</p>

<p>Marta got to go up on stage since it was her 10,000th day and be a
fourth head in Mr Know-it-all.  She lost the team 2 points by harshing
on Dubbya.  "Why is Dubbya so dumb?"  "Dubbya" "is" "so" "dumb"
"because" "he's "republican" finished Marta to a loud chorus of boos
from the audience.  On the apology from the team it went "We're"
"sorry" "not" said Marta.  2 points lost.</p>

<p>Points don't seem to be really important actually, so whatever.</p>

<p>The game of Freeze was *really* funny.  Scene with two guys holding
one guy on either side of him like he was in a chair, and then a guy
froze them and stood in front, kinda laying back on the guy in the
chair, "The new Easy Matic easy chair will let me lean back," using a
remote control to move the chair back and forth.  Then he clapped
twice and the sound a light guy turned off the lights and back on when
he clapped twice again.</p>

<p>Same scene got frozen and the guy who froze replaced the guy being
held up.  He started the dialogue, "These stadium seating toilets are
pretty cool!"  and in the same position frozen again, "Truth by Calvin
Klein" and all the guys started caressing each other's faces.</p>

<p>Same scene got frozen, and the guy got in front, "Okay, Goose, I'm
gonna slam on the brakes and they'll fly right by us!"  Yes!!!!!!!!!</p>

<p>There was other funny stuff, too.</p>

<p class=date>12:51am</p>

<p>When we left the club Jenae and Cris had already split, so Marta
and I couldn't stay at Jenae's (parent's) house tonight since Marta
has never been there before, doesn't know where it is.  So we're going
to sleep at Marta's house tonight.</p>

<p>- - - -</p>

<p>Random stuff from the show:</p>

<p>"We need an unusual noun"</p>

<p>"Hose!"</p>

<p>"Hose!  Oh, wait, is that plural as in ho's?"</p>

<p>- - - -</p>

<p>"Horror, that's horr or, not whore"</p>


<p><img src="/images/rob/wL-ROB.gif"/></p>
