---
title: eleven cents
tags: []
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2002-08-15
---

<p class=date>1:24am CDT Friday 16 August 2002</p>

<p>Tonight I got to join Sean and his friend Evan for chatting and
then we visited downtown to find something to do.  Parked at a parking
meter near a club and we didn't have to pay the meter because the time
was after 10pm.  I put a single penny in the meter and the meter kept
the money, but didn't give us any time.  Sean found a dime on the
parking lot and dropped it in.  We got 10 minutes for that.</p>

<p>The club had a long line outside and relatively few people inside.
We walked around the block and then drove to Deep Ellum where several
clubs reside.  Walked around and ended up in a club called DNA, which
charged no cover to get in.  The music was pretty good "Looking From a
Hilltop" by Section 25, but then they got worse and worse with
something by The Cure, then U2, then Sheila E "Glamorous Life" and
something I couldn't identify, then Joan Jett "I love rock and
roll"</p>

<p>Fortunately before that song started, Sean got me off the dance
floor "Evan has to leave," so I put on my Adidas sandals and headed
out with them.</p>

<p>While dancing, I pretty much had the floor to myself.  Only 1 or 2
guys, and at most 5 girls were out there at the very most.  Usually it
was me and about 1 or 3 girls.  I never made eye contact with them; I
was too busy zoning in my own world of dance to let them bother me.
My sparkly toenail polish (from a few weeks ago while here at the
Bibby's and Joey + her mom invited me to paint toenails with them)
glittered under the random sparkly lights.. Nice.</p>

<p>Due to the low bpm in the songs, I kept looking up at the DJs and
lifting my hands like "faster faster faster" and then fingered "2 4 2"
trying to get them to play Front 242.  Nothing doing.</p>

<p>There was a girl there with two glo-sticks tied to strings.  She
whirled them around all speedy gonzales, and often got them tangled
up.  Pretty funny.</p>

<p>Sean came to get me just before Joan Jett came on.  I was glad to
leave before such a dumb song.</p>

<p>We walked to the car and headed home.  I washed my feet cause the
soles were black.</p>
