---
title: Bike wreck
tags: 
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2002-08-20
---

<p class=date>10:05am CDT Tuesday 20 August 2002</p>

<p>Woke up around 9am and flopped around in bed a bit until I was all,
"whoah! Elise got a new bike!" and wanted to go ride bikes with her.
So I woke her ass up and she was all, "ride bikes?  But I just woke
up!"</p>

<p>"Me too!" but I should have noticed that she had been up long
enough to take her PJs off and clothes on.  "Actually I've been up for
a while, so you got more sleep than me, so let's go."</p>

<p>"I've been up for a while too," she admitted.</p>

<p>"C'mon c'mon c'mon" I pulled her out of bed.</p>

<p>- - - -</p>

<p>"Wow, you even have a helmet" she commented to me.</p>

<p>"Does this mean you <em>don't</em> have a helmet?"  I tried to
bully her into thinking she should get one.  "Don't you like your
little head?"</p>

<p>"Yeah,... But I only ride from Building A to Building B."</p>

<p>I conceded and said nothing.</p>

<p>"You have gloves too??"</p>

<p>- - - -</p>

<p>I rode around in circles outside, waiting for her to come out.
Visions of us going down to the school and riding around, maybe
playing a game of FTL, which we played for hours and hours back in the
day; me, Fred, Danny, Shannon, anyone else, all following the leader,
and whoever put their foot down had to go back to the end of the
line.  Along the curb, into little areas, up on benches (maybe not at
that age), up ramps and down steps, everywhere we could think of.  We
even designed a multimillion dollar complex with perfect obstacles
everywhere, and a floor that would light up as the leader bike wheels
rolled across it, so people would know exactly where they had to
ride.  What a fabulous time that would be.</p>

<p>Elise rode out on her bike, a bit tentatively.  "I've only had it
for two weeks.."</p>

<p>Turns out that she hasn't ridden a bike since she was 8 years old
or so.  Wow.</p>

<p>We rolled slowly down the road and she queried how many gears I have.</p>

<p>"Three and Eight."</p>

<p>"Wow.  I only have two and five."</p>

<p>??? no way.  I looked over and saw three sprockets on the front of
her bike.  "You have three up front."</p>

<p>We stopped at the stop sign at the end of the road and I inspected
her situation.  Her front shifter stays in low gear.  If she shifts it
up to middle gear it sometimes stays, but pretty much just snaps down
to first gear again.  It won't stay in high gear at all.  That's
fucked up.</p>

<p>I got on hers and found that I could hold the front gear on high
gear and it worked fine, but it won't stay there without being held.
I also noticed the pedals are not aligned correctly.  The pedal axels
are not parallel to the crankshaft axel.  That's fucked up.</p>

<p>In low gear I took off back toward Elise and instead of propelling
me forward, the chain slipped off the back sprocket and I tumbled over
the front of the bike to the ground.  That's fucked up.  That's also
why I wear a helmet.</p>

<p>- - - -</p>

<p>Gently rode back to Elise, and was able to recreate the chain
slipping problem, but this time I didn't fall off.</p>

<p>Back onto my bike and am very thankful for its awesomeness.  That's
worth a few dollars more.</p>

<p>Sat down on my seat and the seat broke off.</p>

<p>"Goddammit!"  how many bike fuckups can happen in five minutes?</p>

<p>The bolt holding my seat to the stem simply sheared in two.  I put
all the pieces in my pocket (the seat in one pocket, the under-seat
pouch in my other pocket) rode back.</p>

<p>"Can you ride like that for very long?"</p>

<p>"Sure; I just gotta remember not to sit down."</p>

<p>- - - -</p>

<p>My dad had a good suggestion when I asked if he had a replacement.
"Get an aircraft grade bolt."  Excellent.</p>

