---
title: Jason
tags: []
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2002-08-20
---

<p class=date>7:05pm CDT Tuesday 20 August 2002</p>

<p>I'm at Jason's house now, but there's no Jason.  His roommate
LeeAnn (sp) let me in.  Hopefully it wasn't too uncomfortable for her
to have some guy sleeping in his car in their driveway when she drove
up.  She has a girl, about 2 years old maybe.  I have intentionally
not been too inquisitive until Leigh Anne (sp) knows for sure I'm
a-okay.  I did call Jason, though, and he was at his mom's house
(nearby) getting food, so I told him to bring some here.</p>

<p class=date>8:28pm</p>

<p>Jason and I have been talking; he told me all about the fucked up
situation with the ex-restaurant in Wimberley, which he used to own.
Turns out that the fat cat who bankrolled the whole operation is a
huge fraud and has no assets but protects himself by filtering tons of
money to corporations and trustfunds and shit that no one can touch.
Nothing is in his name; he's stolen people's identity and all kinds of
shit.  He's apparently a business law genius and uses it to screw the
fuck out of people via business.</p>

<p>Jason just dropped off the kids at the pool and now we're going to
hang with Shawn Tuthill.</p>

<p class=date>12:43am</p>

<p>Picked up Bryce and met Shawn and his girl Sarah at a cold bar with
a loud band and lots of TVs.  We watched a lot of X Games BMX and
motorbike stunts.  Some amazing stuff on there with double back flips
and no hand 900 on a 1/2 pipe.  Even the transitions between stunts
were stunts in themselves.  Incredible stuff.</p>

<p>Shawn's glass slipped and broke on the table.  Sarah flirted a new
drink from the bartender.  Jason and Bryce saw two girl friends from
junior high and hung out with them.  Shawn, Sarah and I left and they
dropped me off at Jason's house.</p>

<p>I gave Shawn two catalogs from Tuthill Motors, which I got from
Dennis' work when he was throwing away a lot of competitive
literature.</p>

<p>Shower for me and then bed.</p>

<p class=date>1:17am</p>

<p>And by "bed," I mean Jason and I are now watching Dogma.</p>

<p class=date>3:27am</p>

<p>Such a great movie.  Kevin Smith rules.  Jason fell asleep pretty
quickly.  This is my second time to see the movie, and I remember 1 or
2 lines I thought were really funny.</p>

<p>"That means Bethany is part black?"</p>

<p>and something else, but I don't remember it.</p>

<p>The end credits are on now.</p>

<p>"Sit down and pay your respects!"</p>

<p>Aw man, that's the one line they featured.  I really liked it
too.</p>
