---
title: Jason
tags: []
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2002-08-21
---

<p class=date>2:45pm CDT Wednesday 21 August 2002</p>

<p>Hung out with Jason this morning; after synchronizing my email and
ripping Dr Dre's Chronic 2000 CD and some Eminem from Marshall
Mather's LP we ate brunch at an indian food place, and then rode my
bike and his unicycle around his street.  I tried to ride the uni by
holding the seat out in front of me, but I couldn't get that to work
too well.  I got about 1 revolution max.</p>

<p>We got hot and went inside.  Jason showered while I listened to my
new music.  His frien Caryn came over and we all hung out on his couch
with Caryn listening (and sometimes stunned) as Jason and laughed our
asses off telling old YRUU stories.  Funny funny shit about cursing in
front of the lunch ladies at the Biological Station at SWUUSI one
year, after which the director of the station wrote to the director of
SWUUSI a letter about how we were all going to hell and needed to find
god.</p>

<p>Good stuff.  Laughing about how Bryan Beck went into a giggly
coniption on the floor after chugging a 2 quart thing of Surge and
snorting a pixie stick.  How he walked out one door and immediately
walked in the door 100 feet away.</p>

<p>We tried some of our dancing double stunts, but were unable to get
any of them to fully work.  Caryn was understandably nervous as we
were attempting all this shit on his ceramic tile floor.  We aborted
our attempts before anyone got hurt.</p>

<p>We were so giggly about stuff that Jason was all, "thanks Rob, now
I'll never see Caryn again..."  and i was all, "hey, at least this way
you won't have to spend a lot of time in the stage of wondering if she
likes you or not.  After today you'll <em>know</em>."</p>

