---
title: Saturday
tags: 
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2002-08-24
---

<p class=date>5:07pm CDT Saturday 24 August 2002</p>

<p>On the way leaving the church, Fred and I engaged the abortion
clinic protestors in coversations.  I talked mostly to a cat named
Ryan and it was interesting.  I got my point across that I don't
believe what he believes since it amounts to an infinite punishment
for a finite sin.</p>

<p>Fred basically shut down his guy's arguments with Fred's huge
mathematical mind.  Fun.</p>

<p>- - - -</p>

<p>At Fred's apartment now, and I don't know where my computer power
supply is.  It seemed to be missing from my bag last night (this
morning) when Katy was taking SF notes, and the battery said 46% so I
went to find the power supply and didn't find it.  Hmmmm.  Couldn't
find it this morning, and don't find it at Fred's.  Last place I for
sheezy had it was at Fred's school.  After a smoothie each, we're
going to go look there.</p>

<p>Then we'll hang out with Ma tonight.  On me-an-Fred's way home,
some guy who may have been Jon honked at me from what could have been
Jon's car.  Hmmm.  It's <em>*possible*</em> that Jon will have an
extra power supply for Mac, or know an inexpensive place to get one
locally.</p>

<p class=date>6:13pm</p>

<p>Nevermind.  It was in the computer lab where I had been plugged
in.  When I unplugged it from the back of my computer, the cord fell
to the floor and I didn't notice it to put into my bag.</p>

<p>Fred's eyes have been crying mostly all day possibly as a result of
his contacts.  He's put them in and taken them out and rinsed and
everything.  Now he's snorting snot due to tears pouring out his eyes
and staring at the computer screen from only 4 inches away since he
has no contacts in now.</p>

<p class=date>8:00pm</p>

<p>We've been working on the new index for my journal.  I say we and
mean Fred; he's the brains behind this operation.  Now it correctly
displays 1997 and 1998 stuff.  Still haven't fixed the 1996 entries
(nor any others that are .txt files which need to be wrapped in
&lt;pre&gt; tags.</p>

<p class=date>9:44pm</p>

<p>Chillin' at Ma's house now, and Jon said that Schlotzky's has a
five mile radius on their wireless internet connection.  Fantastic.
I'm so proud of them for paving the way to free wireless connections
all over the place.</p>

<p class=date>9:59pm</p>

<p>Driving now, got the AirPort on, but no signal yet.</p>

<p>Ma has moved into Jon's house and has been given permission to give
away some of his stuffed pigs.</p>

<p>Fred scooped some of them up to add to his pile of stuffed animals
on his bed.  Jon, being all melodramatic was all, "oh I know he going
to use them to wash his car.... or sell them as tampons to people."</p>

<p>Me: "Pigpons..."</p>

<p>Jon: "Hahah yeah, for fat people!"</p>

<p>HAHAHahahhahahaha</p>

<p class=date>10:04pm</p>

<p>Welp, we just drove by the Schlotzky's but got no signal.  We're on
the street within a few hundred yards of the place (direct line of
sight and all that) and got nothin'.  Ah well; it will work
someday.</p>

<p class=date>11:28pm</p>

<p>Ate at Trudy's.  Good stuff.  There's another Schlotzky's near
Trudy's but still no wireless ethernet.  Super thanks to Ma for her
willingness to pay the whole meal.  :-)</p>

<p class=date>12:55am</p>

<p>I slept for a bit at Jon's while Fred and Jon yakked (talked, not
vomitted) about whatever and stuff.</p>
