---
title: Awake
tags: []
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2002-08-25
---

<p class=date>8:23am CDT Sunday 25 August 2002</p>

<p class=note>(dream)</p>

<p class=dream>In a big mansion type place, I was asked if I knew how
to select a bunch of bananas at their peak of ripeness, and some huge
trees had banana bunches way up in their branches, so I climbed up
onto this large boat with a canvas roof and startled a turtle, who
slid of his perch and took a bit of a tumble down a hill and ened up
on his back but flipped himself over so I didn't bother him any
further.  I slowly made my way up this boat and found that I could
have just used the stairs that led up to a balcony that ran just
underneath the branch with the bananas.  On this large balcony were
several nicely dressed individuals with drinks like a dinner party as
I was carrying a bunch of bananas downstairs.</p>

<p class=dream>Discovered a large swimming pool with large snakes in
and around it.  Not so many snakes that people wouldn't swim, which
they did, but they just had to be careful of snakes coming up to
occasionally bite or strangle them.  A couple of snake charmer type
people were trying to make cash by impressing folk with their snake
interaction skillz, or just by carrying huge snakes around on their
necks like scaley scarves.</p>

<p>- - - -</p>

<p class=dream>With Kristen's sister Jessica at a place where two guys
each with scads of cash crumpled up in various rooms asked her if she
would teach a group of their friends how to write well.  Jessica asked
about what they would pay her, and they just gave her some cash out of
their pockets and it was like 10 dollars, and then one guy went off to
his room and brought back a pile that was a bit more substantial, and
just as Jessica was done straightening and facing the bills, the next
guy dumped more on her lap, effectively forcing her to start over with
the counting as she wouldn't be able to tell what she had counted and
what she hadn't.</p>

<p class=dream>As Jessica and I were riding the bus back home, she
counted like $160, which was plenty of money for her to want to teach
the class, but she didn't have a sense of how to begin such a project.
I old her that I would be able to help, if I had time, and her sister
might be able to help as well if she had the time.</p>

<p class=dream>We got off the bus at a crowded university campus and a
woman gave me ten dollars for no apparent reason.  Jessica and I were
all "whoah that was weird," and parted ways as I needed to cross the
street and she needed to go up the street.  We didn't hug, but were
just like, "bye" even though we didn't know when we would see each
other again.</p>

<p class=dream>I walked across the street despite traffic and a
bicyclist slowed down and swerved out of my way, when he could have
just stayed the same speed and straight and been past me before I got
there. I heard him complain a bit as he rode by, but I didn't sweat it
as I made it across the street.</p>

