---
title: Bryn
tags: []
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2002-08-26
---

<p class=date>9:23am CDT Monday 26 August 2002</p>

<p>I feel kinda dumb for having waited until the last minute, but I
haven't found out Bryn's flight information to London.   I left a
message on her mom's home phone, and Bryn's cell phone yesterday and
this morning.  Now I'm at Kinko's in Denton trying to use the breadth
of the internet to find her.</p>

<p>Weird how a few years ago I would not have assumed I'd be able to
find anyone on such short notice.  Now, it's almost possible, and in a
few years it will certainly be expected.</p>

<p>If you happen to have details on her flight, feel free to <a
href="mailto:bryn_finder@robnugen.com">let me know!</a></p>

<p class=date>9:49am</p>

<p>I feel like the kid in my long joke chasing the guy in the black
hat white gloves and red cape.  He's just one step behind.  I learned
from Steve that Bryn was in San An (of course!!!) so I have just
called Art Severance who said that Bryn, Elizabeth, Katie, Bryan all
left his house around 7:30 in the morning to go to DFW airport.  I'm
considering driving there to find them, but I'm wary of releasing my
internet connectivity...  Hmmm.  I'll risk it.</p>

<p class=date>11:44am</p>

<p>Took me a while to park; I didn't know there were plenty of spaces
available at the top of the garage.  I've explored Terminal B, talked
to British Airways guy and learned that Bryn has no reservation on
their flight.  However, she does have a reservation for an American
flight.  Took a train from terminal B to terminal A.  I now know what
gate, what time, and that she has not checked in.  But I still don't
know where is Bryn.</p>

<p>Five hours until her flight time.  Therefore 3 hours until she is
supposed to be here.</p>

<p class=date>12:33pm</p>

<p>Now I know that she <em>has</em> checked in.  I just paged her or
Bryan, but I haven't seen them yet.</p>

<p class=date>1:47pm</p>

<p>There's a ridiculously loud screeaching droning squealing staticky
squealing loud din stinging from the overhead loudspeakers.  About 1
out of 10 people is covering their ears from the noise.  It sounds
like the finest Japanese Noise that would make any KTRU DJ proud.
It's been wailing for over 15 minutes now.</p>

<p>No sign of Bryn.</p>

<p class=date>2:02pm</p>

<p>Aw fuck.  I can't believe I stupid I was to assume that Bryan,
Katie, Elizabeth all would not have tickets.  Of course they must.
They're all still in school.  K and E up in Minnesota, and Bryan maybe
still up in Vermont or something.  I've been assuming they would be
equally stuck on the non-passenger side of the security gate.
Damn.</p>

<p>I have just asked the operator to page Bryn (the squealing stopped
a few minutes after I wrote last, maybe 18 or 20 minutes total KTRU
music) to call the phone in front of which I am standing now.  But the
paging system has been silent for a long time; no way for me to tell
right now if Bryn can even hear the paging system now.</p>

<p>Pooh.</p>

<p class=date>2:20pm</p>

<p>The woman who told me that she had checked in saw me still waiting.
She offered to look for Bryn at the gate.  Wow!  I waited a couple
minutes and soon saw her walking the opposite direction from which she
first started.  Couple minutes past that she walked back with Bryn
right behind.  I walked up toward Bryn while facing the woman to say
"you are the best!" as I hugged Bryn.  So thankful and so great to
hang out with Bryn for several minutes.</p>

<p>She seemed surprised and confused about why I would show up.  I
reminded her that at SWUUSI I had told her that I wanted to say Bye to
her at the airport.  Bryn said, "it's only going to be for four
months!"</p>

<p>Bryn was also quite tired, after staying up late playing Silent
Football.  She was dictator for the game. <! "I was dictator so
everyone was quite drunk." > </p>

<p>She had gone to New Orleans with a friend of hers, but they got
bored and decided to drive to San Antonio.  They had met a girl named
Zoe who also needed to go to San Antonio so they offered to give her a
ride.  Zoe got to chill with them for a couple days at the Severances.
How fun!</p>

<p>Melissa (Bryn's sister) and their mom are already in London.  At
one point Melissa asked Bryn, "so, when is mom going to get here?"
Bryn had been all, "um, [didn't you know] she's already there?"
Hahaha that's funny.</p>

<p>Bryn made her financial goal working before London, and bought a
new computer.  Excellent work.</p>

<p>Graham (Bryn's friend from OZ who got us sleeping space in the
house in Actontown) is going back to OZ soon.  Don't know when
exactly.  Bryn has a week or so before school, so hopefully he'll be
there that long at least.</p>

<p>I told her some of my adventures, told her about Bronwyn calling
me, but us not getting to hang out in Helena.  Told her where I had
been staying and that I would get to work for Janette again this week
(probably tomorrow)</p>

<p>Hugs to Bryn as she went back through the security gate with an
hour to spare (she wanted also to get some food before going) and then
I super-thanked the woman at the reservations counter who had gone
back to the gate to find Bryn.  I still don't really know how/if she
easily identified Bryn.</p>

<p>Rode the terminal train back to Terminal B, walked across two
airport roads and a parking lot to get to the garage where I parked.
Five dollars to the parking guy and drove back to Denton.</p>
