---
title: Dream
tags: [ "dream" ]
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2002-08-28
---

<p class=date>8:00am CDT Wednesday 28 August 2002</p>

<p class=note>(dream)</p>

<p class=dream>Went to a nice restaurant with Wende, and then to the
restroom to wash my hands, and Robin and Chris from my I-group were
there each taking a piss.  I was at the sink and could hear their
voices, and then when they came out I was like, "HI" and told them I'd
be out in a second.</p>

<p class=dream>Robin came back in and said he had to go somewhere real
quick, and then I was out in the restaurant and one of the waitresses
asked me if I worked there.  I was all, "no" and she was all, "darn,"
because there weren't enough cute guys on the waitstaff near her age.
Hmmm; very interesting.</p>

<p>- - - -</p>

<p class=dream>At a school, a college campus, and attended a religious
meeting of some sort, and I chose to go to the freshman area, even
though I was a junior, for this was my first year in the school to
attend this meeting.  The students in different sections were sitting
in perfect rectangular shapes, instead of in circles.  There had been
no indication of how to arrange ourselves; it just seemed to happen
that way.</p>

<p class=dream>The girl to my left was a veteran of thsis group; she
was sitting patiently, and looked like Jack's friend Natalie.  The
girl to my right was a first timer like myself, and she looked like
maybe Mimi from Youth Council and Steering Committee some years
ago.</p>

<p class=dream>The church leader guy came out and told us what pages
to read of their holy book, and we were expected to repeat four times
what he said.  Most of the group cooperated, but a few people (like
me) wouldn't say anything, and a few (like Mimi) complained they
wouldn't do it at all for they were being treated like children.
Natalie was all, "give it a chance" or something.</p>

<p class=dream>The guy in the center threw a piece of ice at Mimi, but
missed her by a mile (several feet).  He said something like, "oh I
can't throw very well" but then proceeded to throw a piece of ice at
the ice machine and exactly hit its power button and turn it on.  Then
he threw another piece and exactly turned it off.  The piece used to
turn the machine off bounced toward me, so I picked it up and took a
bite of ice.</p>

<p class=dream>Natalie and I were both sitting, leaning back on our
hands and our fingers touched.  We flirted a bit, but then I was all,
"I can't right now," and disengaged my hand from hers.  She said
something about her innocence that was more like saying how she was
flirting without breaking any rules.  Hmm.  So I let her hand touch
mine again.</p>

<p class=dream>The leader guy came back into the circle, but this time
in a huge cadillac twice as wide and twice as long as a normal car,
but still normal height, and it was a hardtop convertible with the top off.
Many people were in the car and everyone started getting out and I
flew away from the crowd because I felt threatened by something.  I
was flying at super high speed through trees like in Star Wars in
Empire or Jedi (I forget) on the planet Endor.</p>

<p class=dream>The bad guys were unable to chase me so quickly through
the trees, and I was just flying so fast, often times twirling and not
looking where I was going, but still going crazy fast without hitting
anything.</p>

<p class=dream>I was able to fly low near the ground and up a slight
incline (unusual for me), and able to fly way way high within the
branches of trees.  Huge pine trees and redwoods.</p>

<p class=dream>I found in a deep canyon in the forest, some sort of
fort the bad guys had built, and I had a sheet of paper in my pocket
that depicted a map of the fort area, and I had to rotate it a few
times to get it to line up correctly, but mostly I just realized I was
having a dream and that I would make it line up corectly, even if the
origianl map didn't have to do with this fort below me.</p>

<p class=dream>I looked for a weakness and figured out that I needed
to knock down a log on one corner of the fort and that would set off a
chain reaction to destroy it, but I knew I possibly wouldn't be able
to get fly back up again after flying that far down (sometimes I have
trouble flying up in my dreams if I'm stopped, especially if I'm down
low) so I flew back out of the forest where bad guys and good guys
were fighting in cars on the road and I found a friend and tried to
figure out a way to get her the note without me stopping flying, and
without chance of the bad guys getting it.</p>

<p>Then the phone rang and I woke up.</p>
