---
title: fun stuff
tags: []
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2002-08-28
---

<p class=date>10:27pm CDT Wednesday 28 August 2002</p>

<p>Fun stuff yesterday and today:</p>

<li><p>pic of Phat Pat's pink hair and his seizure coupon, an animated
.gif</p></li>

<li><p>seeing the remnants of an AIM conversation on the computer that
ended with "I'll call you" and "okay" and Jack on the phone with
someone.  I added to the conversation, "Tell Jack that I'm logging him
off."  and then subsequently chatting with this person while Jack was
on the phone with her.  It turned out to be his friend Aisha, who is
apparently a really cool cat.</p></li>

<li><p>Listening to Eminem really loudly in the car with windows
rolled down and then Janette noticing how loud it was and turned it
down.</p></li>

<li><p>After a serious conversation about politics, Janette, Jack, Rob
laughing about Greater Tuna and Marfa Texas.</p></li>

<li><p>Jack not knowing that the can opener had been working
correctly.</p></li>

<li><p>Josephine calling from Rick's to have her mom pick her up, then
I kept her on the line while Jack called from her phone here without
her knowing.  "Um, there's a call on the other line, so I'll let you
go."  "No, no, I'll hold."  We kept her on the phone until her mom
arrived, and then asked to talk to her mom.  Told her mom, "we've got
some girls coming over, so we gotta let you go."  Jack adds, "a blonde
and a brunette."  "Oh yeah, we definitely gotta let you go."</p></li>


<li><p>Going to the Sixth Floor Museum, the exhibit about JFK's
assassination, including the window in which Hinkley sat and all that
shit.  A big wall presenting why it couldn't have been a government
coverup, and how one single bullet could have traversed so many
different directions and stayed perfectly pristine.  Yeah right.</p>

<p>The better exhibit was one floor above, with a bunch of Pulitzer
Prizing winning photographs, each including a little story about how
the picture was taken: maybe the film had to be smuggled out of a war
torn area, or the photographer had to wait for 34 hours to get the
shot, or had to abandon human instinct/emotion to run or collapse in a
torrent of emotions.</p></li>

<li><p>Helping Joey with her calculus homework, graphing the distance
traveled by a family going to a scenic weekend location.</p></li>
