---
title: Tulsa
tags: 
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2002-08-30
---

<p class=date>2:43am CDT Saturday 31 August 2002</p>

<p>Picked up Kate Dempsey then Jackie on the way to Tulsa.  Jackie has
a big school.  Big.  Like the size of a Community College.</p>

<p>We almost got run over by an 18 wheeler, who had his brights on
behind us really close for no reason cause we were in the right hand
lane and the left hand lane was available to him to pass us.  We got
his number and reported him.  "But feel free not to talk to him now,
since he's only about a mile behind us."  "Okay."</p>

<p>Got lost on the way here; soon after the truck fiasco, we
apparently missed an exit to the Indian Nation Turnpike.  But thanks
to Ann McDermott (sp) who got us directions over the phone.</p>

<p>Thanks to the girl at the Muskogee gas station who gave us a short
cut to the Muskogee turnpike.</p>

<p>Thanks also to Chris Medlock (can I believe it?) who got us to
Peoria from the Muskogee turnpike.</p>

<p class=date>2:48am</p>

<p>The phonograph downstairs is skipping.</p>

<p>Calder has just telephoned me on my cellie.  Amazing how connected
we can be.  Yup.  It's an opportunity for our culture to catch up to
the connectedness of technology.</p>

<p class=date>2:52am</p>

<p>When we arrived, Scottie and Asha were the first to greet us.  Asha
has cut her hair and taken up guitar as a hobby.</p>

<p>More hugs from peeps and I forgot Cole's name, but Calder typed it
on the computer for me while I was trying to look up my latest mugbook
quote from my Pulp Fiction cache of mugbook quotes.  "I gotta know
what a five dollar shake tastes like."</p>

<p class=date>5:31am</p>

<p>I slept through most of opening circle, which was
anti-youth-empowering by having an adult do the convenant process, and
certainly not as powerful as a youth doing it.  Why would the youth
adhere as well to a covenant directed by an adult?  It's idiocy.</p>

<p>I was fully asleep when they put together touch groups, so I didn't
hear my name called.  Rowboat (I think) came and got me.  I will give
them this: the touchgroup selection process was fantastic in its
randomness and its ability to keep the groups together as they left
the room.  All the names were put in pots (youth and adult separate)
and then names were drawn at random by touchgroup leaders.  Then the
groups left the room.  Excellent.</p>

<p>Our touchgroup was pretty tired, so we played a single round of 2
truths and a lie including saying our correct name, but Laura said 3
truths because she couldn't think of a lie.  Funny.  I don't remember
the names of new people in my group.</p>

<p>"Man, that closing circle was long."  Laura: "closing circle??"
"Yeah, it was so long it's time to go home now!"</p>

<p>Erica Nagel came in to gossip a bit after our group dispersed.  We
bitched about how adult run this rally has been so far: adult taking
the pictures for mugbook and adult doing the registration (and that
adult didn't trust that I don't need to put my last name on the piece
of paper to go into the touchgroup selection bowl for people to know
who ROB! is).  It's some fucked up repugnant shit (not the part about
my name; that's just icing).</p>

<p class=date>5:48am</p>

<p>I'm going to bed.</p>
