---
title: Headed back
tags: back
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2015-01-18
---

##09:40 Monday 19 January 2015 JST##

We ate at Gusto yesterday morning, where I got some mushroom + rice
soup.  Mark asked how it was and I go, "It tastes like... mushroom
soup" and Asuka added, "with rice," which I really appreciated her dry
sense of humor. (is "dry" the right term?)

Sumiyaki left before the rest of us; he has to work on Sundays.

Mark, Asuka, and I walked back toward the contact site, and up a short
ridge that looked down on the area.  The trail was half-heartedly
blocked with a sign, though the trail itself was clear and relatively
heavily traveled.  We got to the top and could see most of the contact
site and had a nice view of Taito port where I took some pictures with
Mark's camera of the area.

Continued along the trail where we couldn't see the beach at all due
to dense bamboo on both side (not an old bamboo forest, but I think it
was young bamboo; I didn't take a good look), but noted how it was
quite dense and the trail was quite wide and clear!

We got to the end of he trail where it emptied onto a side road.
Turned left and saw a large sheetmetal wall blocking what I assume is
the driveway for an abandoned(?) property we could see from the beach.
I thought "that's the way to block a trail if they really wanted to
block it!"

We followed the road and veered left toward the beach when we had the
chance and walked along concrete slabs placed at slightly flat angles
on tetrapods,　テトラポド in Japanese, according to Asuka
(maybe ポード at the end).  Algae made some parts of them reallly
slick so we had to tread carefully, usually along the edges; I
wondered why the edges would dry first; most of the slabs were at
angles; it seemed there was no overall local minimum in the centers.
I slipped once but caught myself without much trouble.

The concrete slabs were missing from one section at which point Mark
decided to turn back.  I kept going, walking down onto the tetrapods,
but he asked that I don't.  I agreed because I wouldn't have been
there without him, and he had organized the group, etc.  Fair enough.

On the way back we continued walking along the coast instead of going
toward the street from which we had come.  I took an off-trail route
where the countless waves had smoothed the stone surface.  Asuka and I
admired nature's patient work as we tread carefully; some of the stone
was covered in a thin layer of ice!

Up on the hill there's an apparently abandoned home which is still
beautifully intact.  We walked around it, peering in to see furniture,
cutlery; even plates on the table, as if it were a model home.  Next
door was an empty lot where I had walked around (and fell into a
trough as it was all overgrown with bamboo and I couldn't see the
ground).  Leading up to the empty house and the empty lot were the
same style steps, so I assume the model house was meant to attract
buyers for the second house, which never got built due to lack of
buyers.

It would be a *great* house for an artist, with a great view of the
sea, and for parties, with a nice pool and jacuuzi, which featured
algae-covered bottoms, but completely clear water and no scum on top!

All the doors on the house were securely locked.  Gosh I would love to
live there.

Headed back after that.  We explored the area pretty carefully in
search of a light source we had seen the previous night.  Couldn't
find anything that seemed like it could have produced any light, much
less the brightness which we had seen.

We took a taxi to Taito station, and then Sotobu line to Chiba on
which I slept as Mark and Asuka talked; Sobu line to Akihabara on
which Asuka slept while Mark and I talked.  Said bye to Mark in
Akihabara where Asuka and I changed to Kehin Tohoku line and chatted
until I hopped off in Kawasaki.  She said she still had 30 minutes to
go.

Okay see ya next month!
