---
title: grrrr AC
tags: [ "grrrr" ]
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2015-07-13T23:10:23+09:00
---

## 23:10 Monday 13 July 2015 JST

# RANT

I fucking hate when people won't do things logically.  Feel hot after
taking a shower?  Maybe it's because the water is hot.  You think
you're going to get sick because you use cool water during the shower?
Oh you think hot water makes you cleaner?  Why turn on scalding water
and then turn on freezing AC to offset the heat when cool water is an
option and we have a fucking typhoon sending plenty of breezes which
would come in if you'd fucking open the curtains and put my fucking
quilt outside if you're afraid the three people across the balcony are
going to be peering inside our house while they're inside huddled
around their own AC.

Out of stupid spite I put the fucking AC on 17 degrees cause that's as
low as it goes.  I put the fan on high cause that's as high as it
goes.  I didn't use the goddamm AC once when I lived in fucking
Houston which is hotter than fucking Tokyo and more humid thank you
very much and I didn't die, and I saved a shitton of money as well.

I have heard that when things trigger anger response, it's pointing to
some unresolved issue inside me.  This must be a pretty deep issue
cause I can't see any connection.

Why do motherfuckers turn on the AC in summer to make the room
*colder* than they can stand in winter before turning on the HEAT to
make the room warmer than they can stand in the summer?  Am I the
idiot here?  I mean fuck me cause I noticed when I was 7 that the oil
crisis was a global issue and we might want to get off fossil fuels
though I didn't know the words at that time.  1970s I knew fossil
fuels were on their way out, and if I knew, sure as hell adults knew
it and here I am an alleged adult, *still* not doing anything but
bitch about polar bears drowning without ice on which they can stand
to stand a chance of living another day.

We're in the middle of the Sixth Extinction Event, and people still
driving their suburbans to get a plastic cup full of sugar water and
throw the cup away along with burger wrappers after eating a cow which
ate N times more grain than it would take to feed the people in the
first place.

I see myself as helpless (almost wrote helpful there, hmm) with Ye
Olde Man controlling everything with money and laws supporting the
moneyholders and nothing left for the proverbial peasants who live
with less happiness than ever and more glazed over eyeballs so that
we're putting ourselves in the matrix, driving the machine that
controls us.
