---
title: Today
tags: 
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2015-07-14T21:42:14+09:00
---

## 21:42 Tuesday 14 July 2015 JST

Nice second-to-last day at the high schoo; Rin and Hiro asked me to
get a picture with them, so I guess I must have helped them a bit!

They drew some pics of ラーメンマン, a character from China with a
long moustache and 中 written on his forhead, which is short for
"China"

- - - -

Then went to work on CB website, and made a couple of changes which
Satomi needed to upload images (basically changed a hidden field to
text so she could fill it without using javascript).

- - - -

Got to play with a new toy at the toy store, basically a small jigsaw
puzzle shaped like sections of keys on a keyboard.  Kinda like
pentominoes, but with varying number of tiles per piece and more
pieces overall.  Couldn't solve it in the time I had available.

- - - -

Lesson with Mutsumi was great; he's using more expansive sentences
than before, and more often uses correct English structure (SVO)
instead of (OV)

Lesson with Mutsumi was also great; I helped her understand some
phrases with the word "leave" and finished with "let's leave it at
that," which she can almost certainly use at each of our lessons
because I usually go late talking to her.

- - - -

I haven't posted a maze on amazeaweek yet today; I can tell I've been
losing steam recently (past few months), so a nice boost would be
nice.  I drew a maze on the chalkboard at the high school this morning
and photographed it, so I can upload that when I get home from
Mutsumi's lesson.

- - - -

Then tomorrow wake up early (as usual, at 5am, do laundry, study
Japanese vocab, hang laundry) and head to last day at the high school,
then probably sleep somewhere, then wish I had worked on studying my
student's names over the past two weeks after I met them two weeks ago
dang.
