---
title: Dreamï¼š The Magician
tags: dream
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2015-07-24T09:13:02+09:00
---

## 09:13 Friday 24 July 2015 JST

Was on the train next to a cute girl with braces, and I started
talking to her by saying, "I like your braces."  She smiled and we
talked a bit and determined we were both going the same directions on
the Tokaido Line, though she was going farther than me.  We arrived at
a station where we needed to change trains, and I went down the left
side of the train to get seats for us, but the train doors were
closed.  I had to go back to the back of the train to get to the other
side, but by then all the seats had been taken.  I found the girl; she
was lying down near the front of the train, but there was no way I
could easily sit next to her with all the crowd of peole and boxes.  I
considerd sitting on top of the train, but knew I'd be easily spotted
and didn't imagine I'd be allowed to do that.  Then I found an open
are near the front of the train, and squeezed myself into it.  I heard
two women speaking about a date one of their friends had had.  One
woman asked her friend how his (the mutual friend's) date had gone and
she replied that it ws good, though he had lied about something, and
she didn't mind.  Basically she wanted a chance at him as well.  The
other said, "okay, I won't tell."

At that point, they saw me behind them, and I was like, "HI.  I won't
tell," referring to the quote from before, and they laughed and
agreed. I could see out the front of the train as we started, and
there were some poeple firing laser rifles at the train, and some
people on our side shooting some laser rifles back to clear a
path for the train.  A bicycle had ben destroyed and its metal tubes
were causing havoc for the train wheels, but we got past it somehow.
As we went up and over the hill it was apparent that we had more
momentum than the laser rifle guys could stop so they left us go past,
but not before they had put some more bicycles in the  path.

I saw two bicyles on either side of a foot path that we were about to
use to go up the mountain, so I reached out of the train and grabbed
them and tossed them to either side as we rushed through. That saved
us from a lot of damage so I was glad to not have to think about what
might have happened.

We got to the top of a valley and there was a station at which some
people were playing a video game live action to determine the winner
as others were making bets on who the winner would be.  I had never
seen the game before, but it was my turn to play.

I was standing on a thin post and facing an opponent about 20 feet
away.  We each had a small inventory of weapons and abilities, but I
knew none of them, so I just started randomly firing things until I
won the level.

I won it quickly, so the AI switched to the boss level next, and I
employed the same strategy, and amazingly won the level.  The crowd
went wild!  They started to call me The Magician, because even the
seasoned players couldn't win the level so quickly.  They asked how I
had done it, and I said it was all through intention.  "I didn't know
what to do so I said a little prayer internally: 'I will win' and
then just slapped at the handles randomly until I won."

I was invited by the owner of the inn to come upstairs to her living
space, and she showed me some of her family history and how they had
come to own the place (basically through longevity).
