---
title: pm
tags: []
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2003-08-01
---

<p class=date>1:06am JST Saturday 2 August 2003</p>

<p>Today I got to teach Satoko twice.  Quite nice.  I was excited to
see her name first on my schedule, even more excited to see it was man
to man.  We just chatted about whatever..  I don't remember what.</p>

<p>My third lesson was an empty sales, and 5 minutes before my 40
minutes of chillin' was to begin, Sumika came in and said I needed to
teach Satoko again.  This has never happened before, so I thought she
was asking me to fill in the file, which I hadn't (and didn't intend
to do), but then when I understood what she meant, I was like wow how
awesome!  "no problem des."</p>

<p>This time we actually did some grammar work - past perfect, "I had
been reading a book when the phone rang," and bang the bell rang 40
minutes gone in a flash, though I still intended to show her fully
100% more examples than I had already.</p>

<p>I wish all my lessons could be that fun.</p>

<p>Another success story with Yukiji, who went from nervous to "the
elephant was walking through the park when it saw the umbrella" + "the
man was selling hotdogs when the elephant grabbed the umbrella" + "the
umbrella was mounted on the hotdog cart when the elephant grabbed
it."</p>

<p>- - - -</p>

<p>Satoko texted me as I was leaving work, and we are now planning to
meet before Nova on Monday.</p>

<p>- - - -</p>

<p>At home (did I just call this place home?) I showered, ate, did
email and got sick of myself on the computer, so I called janette to
read Japanese to her, but we ended up talking about our relationship
instead, and I'm glad we did.  I really look forward to her coming
here to hang with me.  We can bang around on bicycles and see
beautiful temples such; it will rule.</p>


###comments

<p><b>Name:</b> j

<p><b>Subject:</b> ?

<p><b>Comment:</b>
<br>satoko?  should i be jealous? hmmmmm<br>
  i like the bit 'bout banging around on bicycles better

