---
title: Satoko
tags: []
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2003-08-04
---

<p class=date>5:05pm JST Monday 4 August 2003</p>

<p>Bought movie tickets for Aki and I to see Pirates of the Carribean
on Wednesday at 12:45pm.  Wednesdays are ladies' days at theaters
(they get in for only 1000 yen ($8) instead of 1800 yen ($more)) so I
only had to pay 2800 yen for two tix.  Wandered around the guitar
store and marvelled at how much I don't know about guitars nor music
and didn't feel compelled to learn.</p>

<p>Met Satoko at noon and we ate at the nearby high price small
portion restaurant.  A tad uncomfortable at first, but we settled in
to chatting pretty well.  She gave me a little bit of Japanese, but we
mostly yammered in English.</p>

<p>Headed over to KQ around 12:50, walking through the underground
mall, Azalea.  We yammered and I wondered if I should break away from
her so we wouldn't walk into the school together, but I didn't really
worry about it and simply didn't say, "okay, see you in a second" as
we parted at the front desk.</p>

<p>- - - -</p>

<p>Saw her a second later in a lucky man to man lesson, and we
continued the lesson I had started with her on Friday.  At first she
seemed like a wholly different person - had suddenly become Satoko the
meek Japanese student, instead of just yammer yammer yammer as we had
been doing before.  But whatever; she broke out of that invisible
shell by halfway through the lesson.</p>

<p>My next lesson was an empty sales, so I kinda joined Sumika as she
was chatting with Satoko at the front desk.  We traded some tongue
twisters and theirs seem more difficult than mine.</p>

<p>- - - -</p>

<p>After she left, Satoko texted me about something I didn't quite
understand so I asked if she wanted to "hang out (meet) after 9pm" but
she said she couldn't.  Dascoo bro.</p>
