---
title: Hachiko
tags: []
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2003-08-10
---

<p class=date>6:25pm JST Sunday 10 August 2003</p>

<p>Everyone meets at Hachiko.   That's where I am now, watching
everyone meet everyone else with varying degrees of excitement, but
almost never with hugs.  haven't seen any hugs tonight.</p>

<p>Oh, one cat on the train talked to me today.  I was like, "arru?"
but then I switched from Japanese-attempt-mode to English no problem
desu mode, chatted with him a bit.  He's Japanese and will be moving
to Texas to learn how to fly at Gulfport Airport??  I dunno where the
heck that is, but he said it was small.</p>

<p>In addition to everyone meeting everyone else at Hachiko, everyone
smokes while meeting people.  <em>I'm</em> practically smoking with
all the second hand smoke; thank god there is a breeze going on.</p>

<p>I still don't understand the fashion of the Shibuya Girls.  I
wonder how acceptable is that term.  They look fake beyond fake, like
dark dark skin, blonde (orange to white hair), long black eyelashes
and really thin..  I'm like, "yikes' stripes!  get some food and cut
that hair!"</p>

<p>And quit smoking!  But they don't.</p>

<p>OH!!  There is a display near the station celebrating the 25th
anniversary of Space Invaders, one of the first video games to rock
the casbah (where did that come from?) about, um, 25 years ago I
imagine.  There were some peeps playing it on about four different
stations and a man with a pretty expensive looking video camera
filming them, with close ups of the game and of the players
playing.</p>

<p>Several people are wearing yukatas today; this is the summer
festival season, with fireworks going on nearly every night somewhere
in the greater Tokyo area.  I haven't seen any such fireworks
displays, but I'll probably go on 23 August with Carla and Mika (and
others?)</p>

<p>umm... hmmm.. I think that's all.</p>


###comments

<p><b>Name:</b> j

<p><b>Email:</b> dreamon412@ *redacted*

<p><b>Comment:</b>
<br>what are yakutas?<br>
tell me how to get there and i will meet You at hachiko.  i will be the one not smoking.<br>
shibuya girls- kids!! were they listening to "hip-hop"?

