---
title: Nami
tags: 
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2003-08-10
---

<p class=date>11:24pm JST Sunday 10 August 2003</p>

<p>Fun with Nami tonight.   She helps me find that place of courage in
me, plus gives me immediate feedback on my Japanese speaking.  She
said that for months (years?) she didn't speak English in America.
She said she's impressed with my effort to speak Japanese so early in
my Japanese-living career.  Big thank yous to everyone who has said
the same thing.  I told her that I am scared each time I speak, but
that I work hard to overcome.  Sometimes I drive myself too hard.  I
<em>always</em> want to be <em>the best</em> at everything I do.  {(In
ultimate I was the best cause I was barefoot.  In life I'm the best
cause I don't drink.  I code my HTML by hand.  In Japan I'm the best
cause I persevere.  I work hard to learn Japanese.  I want to know all
my students' names.  Just like in YRUU; I was the best cause I learned
all the youths' names. )}  As all these thoughts flew through my head
in a trice, I felt sadness bubble into my being from somewhere;
somehow, from somewhere, sadness.</p>

<p>I acknowledged the emotion, turned it around, sent it back home
until another day.</p>

<p>Nami seemed to understand that I want to be the best.  I don't know
if she wants herself to be the best, but maybe she does.</p>

<p>Nami and I are going to Fujiku Highland on Tuesday.  At least that
is the plan unless she has to work too late tomorrow night, in which
case we'll go to Yumiuriland, and I'll go to Fujiku Highland myself
someday.  I'll go.  I persevere.  (Interesting that I haven't tried to
go to Fujisan.)</p>

<p>I told her the first night we met that honesty is quite important
to me.  I like truth.  Tonight I told her that our friendship is more
important that Fujiku Highland.  So please get some sleep instead of
getting home late from work and getting up early for FkH.</p>

<p>Gotta get some batteries for my camera tomorrow.  I wonder if I'll
remember to do it before work.  I wonder when I'll get another train
teiki.</p>

<p>Interesting to note the different ways I try to save money.</p>

<p>- - - -</p>

<p>So in conclusion, I had great fun with Nami tonight.</p>
