---
title: Stupid Japan
tags: []
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2003-08-13
---

<p class=date>3:07pm JST Wednesday 13 August 2003</p>

<p>Bah.</p>

<p>Oh well.</p>

<p>But I really wanted to just walk through the glass door instead of
having it open for me.  Like "oh yeah?  You wanna not speak English
and not let me change this ticket?  When the receipt says plainly I
can change it up to three days after purchase?  yeah?  Well"
&lt;ppshhhhhh> "there goes your precious glass door."</p>

<p>((How do those doors work anyway?  I mean duh, it's a door, but
they open automatically when I press a button on the door.  But it's a
glass door, and there is no visible connection from the button to the
door opener.  So it must send a radio signal to the opener, right?  So
each door has its own radio code to say, "hey you, open now." Very
interesting.))</p>

<p>So the door didn't shatter although I pressed the button really
hard, not like [bang!] hitting the button, but like
[prreeeeeessssssss] really slowly and hard.  And it opened without
shattering.</p>

<p>Good thing; I might have gotten glass in my hair.</p>

<p>So what am i mad about?  Just that I don't know Japanese, or that I
couldn't communicate with this cat quickly enough (several people in
line behind me (though *I* had waited long enough)) and explain to him
that he's a dingaling and my receipt says I can change it, but I don't
have time right now cause I'm hungry and need to eat and then go to
Shinjuku to get a cool job that doesn't suck and blah blah blah
blah.</p>

<p>Blah.</p>

<p>- - - -</p>

<p>Bought food on the way home, ate, sent an email to Wende and the
realized I better geo right away cause I don't know exactly where I'm
going and Shinjuku is a monster of a train station.  Largest in the
world, I've heard.</p>
