---
title: Work
tags: []
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2003-08-16
---

<p class=date>11:09pm JST Saturday 16 August 2003</p>

<p>Got a tad pissy at work because Rich (who is already fired because
he complained that I wasted five minutes of his lesson by telling the
student the wrong thing "He said his name is Joe,"), complained that
he didn't have any free lessons on his schedule today but other people
did.</p>

<p>Cory decided that was a good enough reason to move free lessons
around to make it fair for people.  I was like, "meh, whatever;" I
didn't have any free lessons and I wasn't being a big baby about
it.</p>

<p>So, okay, fine whatever.  The schedule was rearranged so that
everyone had a free lesson and blah blah blah shut up.</p>

<p>Oh, and this is the part that like, stuck it to me: Cory and I were
having a conversation, talking about *FAR* more interesting stuff than
whether a pissy whiney baby has a fucking free lesson or not (We were
talking about the incredible complexity of the human mind that can
effortlessly catch a flying object (among fifty million other things)
and Cory had just begun a new thread, "and the human eye - what the
hell is that?  How does it a"</p>

<p>"Cory, look at this: there are two level five students in my lesson
and two level five students in Eric's lesson.  They should be
combined."</p>

<p>And I'm thinking, "SHUT THE FUCK UP YOU STUPID WHINEY ASSHOLE, WE
WERE HAVING A CONVERSATION!" All three of us were on lunch; Eric was
also on lunch and had just planned for his two lessons.</p>

<p>So Cory went up front (and I'll never understand why he didn't give
all four students to Rich) and gave the four students to Eric (who
therefore had to plan a new lesson, taking into consideration the
needs of the new students), during which time the true and supposed
motives of Rich came to light.  I was like, "so why does it matter?"
and he basically said so it's better for Nova; more students can book
a lesson if there is an empty lesson available.  (( and I'm like
<em>FUCK Nova</em>; so what? )) and then Eric said, "so will you teach
the four students?"</p>

<p>"Actually I was hoping they'd be given to you."</p>

<p>What an asshole.</p>

<p>So Eric spent more of his lunch hour replanning the lesson while
Rich continued to spout off rationalizations covering his guilt.</p>

<p>An irony slash fucked up thing about this story is that *I* had a
free during that timeslot; students could book into my lesson.  The
way it turned out: two students did.  Any students for Rich?  No.</p>

<p>- - - -</p>

<p>In other news, I have a quote of the day: "I like <em>all</em>
sports.  ... except winter sports."</p>

###comments

<p><b>Name:</b> caballito del diablo

<p><b>Subject:</b> no entiendo

<p><b>Comment:</b>
<br>::looks up after having head on table::<br>
<br>
"SHUT THE FUCK UP, YOU STUPID WHINEY ASSHOLE" ?<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
p.s. thanks for calling me, i enjoyed our conversation :)

