---
title: Grrr
tags: 
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2003-08-19
---

<p class=date>1:39pm JST Tuesday 19 August 2003</p>

<p>Got the NTT bill and it wants 15000 yen paid for our phone bill.
Fucking YahooBB was supposed to make that shit free.  They don't have
any English speakers available at their phone number, the first number
person was all, call this number and I called that number waited
forfuckingever for a person but they were like no english bah.</p>

<p>So I'm going to the YahooBB table to hopefully negotiate someone to
call YahooBB and fix this shit.  Fuck.</p>

<p>My day is also messed up because I think Olivia is still mad at me,
but fuck that.</p>

<p>Also messed up because I'm trying to fucking get my tix and shit
figured out for janette and it's like dammit doesn't any travel agent
speak any English at all?</p>

<p>Where's Jayne?  She could fix this for me.  Best travel agent
ever.</p>

<p>- - - -</p>

<p>Okay, whoever I just talked to speaks pretty good English.  I'm
glad I ranted above because I had forgotten I needed to call them
(travel agents) back.  It's gelling.  The trip will happen.</p>

<p>Now I'm going to the YahooBB table, crossing fingers that we can
get this sorted out.</p>

<p class=date>5:39pm</p>

<p>Four hours later, it's not sorted, but I certainly spent some time
standing patiently while Zuzu and her coworker yammered in Japanese on
the phone a lot on my behalf.  They certainly didn't have to do it,
and I appreciate their efforts.  Next step = wait for Yahoo! BB bill
and see if I have been double-charged for calls.  If so, then I get
reimbursed.  If not, then we'll see.</p>

<p>Sigh.  If I had been teaching English for 4 hours, I might have
15,000 yen to show for it.</p>

<p>- - - -</p>

<p>During that time, however, I did get something done: scheduled a
meeting with Rie (ha) the travel agent at 3pm in Shinjuku tomorrow.
And I learned from Zuzu that Osaka is pretty much crap, so we're not
going there.</p>
