---
title: honk
tags: []
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2003-08-21
---

<p class=date>6:50am PDT Thursday 21 August 2003></p>

<p>The date says 7am Cali time, but that's cause I'm telnetted to my
account instead of typing it on my local computer.  It's 11pm Japan
time.</p>

<p>Pissy mood this morning to start my day since it may cost several
dollars to get my computer fixed.  I'm really anxious to have it fixed
now now now.  Interesting to release that.</p>

<p>Wow; one good thing about working on my server is that ispell works
on emacs.</p>

<p>A great thing today was getting a letter from Chez.  She asked how
I was feeling <em>right now</em>, so I took a moment to acknowledge my
feelings: sadness, anger, joy, sadness.  Mostly sadness at nothing in
particularly and at everything in my world.</p>

<p>Really thankful for Frank's computer.  This morning, instead of my
internet fix, I cleaned my room a lot.  It's not *clean*, but I
definitely noticed a difference when I got home today.  Nice feeling.
I've got a pile of stuff to send to janette.  I hope she thinks it's
all very interesting, and not just a pile of shit that I put into a
box.  A couple of things are particularly useful, and some things are
just like, "haha lok at this" and then throw it away.  I'll send her
the whole operation and let her decide what's what.</p>

<p>Rode home with Cory today.  At the very end I almost asked him,
"so, what's the reality of teachers hanging out with students?"  but
there was not really enough time for him to fully answer.  Later.
Later I'll ask.</p>

<p>I was curious because I'm going to watch _Suicide Club_ with him on
Wednesday the 27th, the same day I'll hang out with Yoshie.  I wonder
if I can tell him who I went to the park with or just have to say
she's a friend.</p>

<p>Hmm.  Frank has some DVDs here that he rented; maybe I'll watch
one, though in the past I haven't enjoyed the movies he chooses.
Meh.</p>

###comments

<p><b>Name:</b> j

<p><b>Email:</b> dreamon412@ *redacted*

<p><b>Comment:</b>
<br>a letter from chez, huh?  yeah, but did you READ it?

