---
title: AM
tags: 
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2003-08-31
---

<p class=date>8:25am JST Sunday 31 August 2003</p>

<p>Dream included</p>

<p class=dream>sitting in a chair mounted on the back of Scott, like
the bicycle rack and having two women laying on top of me in a
flirting but not overtly sex-having way.  Some YRUU-calibre kittens
were walking by and were kinda shocked, but pretty much got over it.
I had to pee so I went to the restroom and peed and in the bottom of
the sink was a pilot light because for some reason there was a burner
in the bottom of the sink.  I thought that was strange, but thought it
was more strange that I <em>still</em> had to pee, and then realized I
had only peed in my dream</p>

<p>so I woke up and peed.</p>

<p>- - - -</p>

<p>Got an email from janette unreacting to her reaction to my recent
journal entry featuring my reaction to our conversation.  She didn't
know what time it was in JST so she didn't email my ketai to wake me
up.  Very considerate.</p>

<p>I'm at my station; gotta go.</p>

<p class=date>8:32am</p>

<p>Kay.  on the next train (Musashi-Kosugi to Kawasaki)</p>

<p>(nice timing; usually this connection is a 10 minute disconnect)</p>

<p>Yeah, I was mad at Janette and my reaction is to say fuckit and
fuckoff, but I'm trying to love the entirety of the situation and
embrace the higher lesson, plus I want to have an awesome vacation
with her and not a sucky one.</p>

<p>- - - -</p>

<p>Some of my journal entries are written in heightened emotional
states, and I don't always remember specifics of what I wrote or why I
wrote it.  If this is to be truly for me but open to the public, like
a true Truman Show, then I have to write whatever I want and be able
to forget about it if I forget about it.  Janette asked me what I
meant by something and I didn't remember exactly and I choose not to
spend time backtracking and refinding my thoughts *and* write in slow
email medium at the same time.  Thoughts race through my brain 100
times faster than I can write, plus email is sterile while thoughts
are organic dynamic rabbits racing about my mind.</p>

<p>There's a story in my head about a cat who wrote *everything* that
went through his mind.  I don't really see how that's possible; I got
the sense that this occurred back in the day before computers, and
even so, I can't possibly type as fast as I can think.  But this story
was described to me and commented that the day to day events weren't
necessarily interesting, but the feat itself was impressive.  I like
to think my feats are as impressive.  Even more impressive than my
feet.</p>

<p>Arrival in Kawasaki has occurred.</p>

