---
title: grrr
tags: []
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2000-01-02
---

<title>Grrrr</title>
I am pissed at my brother for so blatantly not
planning ahead!  He's all, "I planned to call Karen to
see if she can give me a ride to Katy's to get my
sweatshirt and then back to Dad's house to drop me
off."

He's been here for 2.5 fuckin' days; seems like this
plan could have been figured out a tad before 3 hours
before he needs the ride.

What bugs me most (of course), is that I do it too,
but not to this degree!  (really!)

--------

Yesterday Fred and I were at my work, workin' on the
PCs.  He was trying to get the Soundblaster card to
work in the first machine I set up, and I installed
Win NT 4.0 Server in a second machine.

We found a bug in the install process (big surprise):
when we install booting from CD-ROM, it will ask at
one point, "please insert Setup Disk 3 into the CD-ROM
drive"

There is no Disk 3 that will fit in the CD-ROM drive
and clicking OK with the one CD in there didn't work.

Installing using the floppies to boot, it works:
"please insert Setup Disk 3 into the floppy drive"  
It took me several tries booting from CD-ROM before I
tried booting from floppy.  Grrrrrr at Microsoft for
producing shitty software.

-------

But I got NT installed, installed MS Office on it, and
then I couldn't get the email stuff to work.  The
dialogue boxes are different than they are on NT 4.0
Workstation.  I am just not sure what to do.  I
haven't consulted support.microsoft.com, which I may
do.  I might also ask John (of John and Maggie) to
come look.

-------

Fred, Wende and I are 'bout to go meet my mom for
lunch!

   With Love
   - Rob


