---
title: progress
tags: 
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2000-01-03
---

<title>2 / cable / resolutions</title>
<p class=date>10:15pm Monday 3 January 2000</p>

<p>Today at work I got the second machine working. (That's two out of
three!) I had wiped out Win NT Server and installed Win NT Workstation,
but couldn't quite get it connected to the Internet.  Turns out I had
the cable plugged into the wrong NIC.  :-)

<p>Felt grrrr at Toyota dealership, where they still haven't called me
back with a status on my car.  I was on hold for a while today (15
minutes) and finally got the status of, "we'll check it out and give you
an estimate and I will be in touch with you."  Hasn't called me back
yet.

<p>Super thanks to Karla my boss who drove me to Electrotex to get a CAT
5 patch cable for our big monster server once I get it working.

<p>I did not get it working though -- didn't even get to the point where
I would need a cable!  For some dumb reason Win NT wouldn't let me
specify a third party driver for our RAID adapter.  'twas very odd, but
not so odd that I was intrigued, more like disgusted again with
Microsoft's dumbness.

<p>We need to install three new data ports at work, and happily enough,
I know how to do it!  (Ports on the wall where the computer network
cable connects) We got a patch cable which for now is simply strung
along the floor from our hub to the machine, but I'll get a 1000 foot
spool of cable, the connectors and all that happy stuff and set us up
with some new data ports!   (As soon as we decide where to put them.)

<p><hr align=left width="20%">

<p>In I-group, we began our discussion with "Resolutions" (as in New
Year's Resolutions), verbally swerved around a bit, and ended somewhere
around Live Now in This Moment.  I picked up a few good nuggets along
the way:

<ul>
<p><li>Write down a list of things I "tolerate" in my life. Do not
consciously think of how to fix them, just write them down.  Many will
fix themselves.

<p><li>Write down a list of achievements I've made in the past year.

<p><li>Doh!! I forgot to give my dad his Christmas present!

<p><li>Holy crap I forgot to pay my rent!

<p><li>I have not asked my landlord to replace my water heater, even though it is over 10 years old and sucks (sucks=doesn't produce particularly hot water), for fear that he might raise my rent.  It's ridiculous for me to live in this fear, and it's time to face it and tell him I want a new water heater.
</ul>

<p>We celebrated with some ice cream and cookies and cake at the end of
the evening, I drove home via my landlord's house, paid rent, and now
Wende and I are about to munch dinner.  (I will write a letter about the water heater instead of telling him at 9:30pm, "here is my rent; it's 3 days late, and can you fix my water heater?")

<p>With Love
<br>- Rob

