---
title: skate
tags: [ "skate" ]
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2000-01-13
---

<title>SKATE!!</title>
<p class=date>11:07pm Thursday 13 January 2000</p>

<p>Started as we normally do on Thursday nights, meeting at Texas Art
Supply (very close to my house)  This night, only Scott and I showed
up.  I was quite excited to skate, and a bit glad that it was only he
and I; I haven't been out in so long that I didn't want to hold back a
big group.

<p>We set out toward downtown, and within 2 blocks, my legs were
burning.  <em>oh no</em> I thought, <em>this is going to be a short
night.</em>  I was really sucking wind by the time we crested the hill
on Taft as it approaches Allen Parkway.  I certainly didn't barrel down
it this night, but just enjoyed the gravitational assist going down the
hill.  

<p>By the time we got to downtown (two miles), however, my normal
endurance was nearly back.  I'm not sure how that happened, but I
certainly appreciated my legs not screaming anymore.

<p>We skated down some trails along Buffalo Bayou that I had never
previously skated.  They were nice and smooth, and okay for hills. 
(When I first started skating 6 years ago they would have been Great
hills, but now they're just okay.)

<p>To Brewery Tap, where we popped in for a second but found no skaters,
and continued our trek toward UH Downtown.  The hill up Main Street got
me pretty well winded again; I had to sit down or I would have fainted
at the top.  (I thought <em>wouldn't it suck if I was leaning over the
wall and fainted and fell off...</em>.. So I sat down)

<p>Upon my recovery, we skated down the other side of the hill and
underneath the school, into the lower level parking garage, up an
elevator to inside the building and got some water from the fountain.

<p>The halls were deserted (winter break), and lovely smoooooth
marble/granite tile stuff.  Very nice.  Skated outside and found
ourselves back at the top of the hill where I had previously not toppled
over the wall to my demise.

<p>Instead, we skated down it really fast.  I taught Scott how I time
the light for it to be green once I reach the bottom, and we proceeded
once the time was right.  Zzzzoooommmmm!!!!   lovely zzzzz zzzzzz zzzzzz
sound as each skate pushed on the grooved pavement.  Light turned green
and I sailed through the intersection at the bottom.  Still not enough
speed for me.  Hmmm.

<p>Over to George R Brown Convention Center, and <em>big</em> unexpected
tents filled the parking lot!!  The Circus??   Yes!  Ringling Brothers
and Barnum and Bailey Circus in tents that I decided were smaller than I
might have expected..  We tried to get in (not very enthusiastically) at
all three entrances, but were politely declined entry.  Ended up talking
to a professional skater guy who skates in the circus.  That's pretty
cool.

<p>Back toward home, we found ourselves down by Buffalo Bayou again, but
on the other side.  We came to a barrier in the sidewalk.  On the right
was the bayou, and on the left was a 45 degree rough concrete incline
which I scaled on all fours about 40 feet up to the top.  Scott did the
same, but on the grass along the side.  Then on my third attempt, I was
able to jump/climb/scramble up and over a 5 foot vertical wall.  Scott
took his skates off to climb over.

<p>Toward home and where I wanted to turn right, Scott wnted to go
straight through 4th Ward.  We've skated through it before with no
problems, but I'm always a tad nervous.  This night, after Scott had to
kinda bail off the street to keep from getting squished by a car, I
skated past a kid about 16 years old, who underhand-tossed a little
tightly wound piece of paper or a cigarette butt up at me and said,
"what's up officer?" as I whizzed by.  It hit me above the eye, but I
just ignored him and brushed my forehead like removing a drop of sweat. 
Nothing else significant happened.

<p>Puhed the last couple of blocks to Texas Art Supply, where I streched
while Scott took off his skates.

<p>Oh!! That totally reminds me.  I told him about Fred and unicycle and
stuff and Scott had the best idea for learning how to ride!  A shopping
cart!!  It's the correct height; it rolls; it's sturdy.. perfect!  Scott
has a unicyle that I may borrow from him on Tuesday.

<p>Yay!

<p>With Love
<br>- Rob

