---
title: lately
tags: 
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2000-01-21
---

<title>Stuff lately</title>
<p class=date>11:18am 21 January 2000</p>

<p>Well, they took Wende's jewelry, clock radio, phone and a hand towel and 
wash cloths (probably to wipe fingerprints).  Jewelry included 
grandmother's diamond earrings, an expensive diamond and platinum ring, and 
sacred Aggie Ring (which I think can be replaced free of charge).

<p>Her most prized possessions, her cats were fine; in fact, Thief 
remounted the window panes which kept the cats in.  Went out through the 
front door, leaving it unlocked.

<p>But, sense of safety has been shattered. Wende has been considering 
moving somewhere else anyway (lease is up soon); maybe this will do it. 
 We've been considering getting a year lease in 2 bedroom place (with alarm 
system).  Dunno if that will happen or not.

<p>(I'm actually guessing not, unless Wende begins the footwork to look; I 
have almost no interest in moving until April of next year.  (That's when I 
complete my term on district YAC and my last ties to Texas will be 
released.  ('cept for my dad and mom, but there's always the phone.) I've 
been weaning back my youth group involvement for a while now.) At that 
point, I'm looking west to Santa Monica!)

<p><hr>

<p>Today at work I've been researching smoke alarms.  Maybe I'll look into 
a security alarm too!  I'm gonna consult with local Fire Marshall Plan 
Checking to see where we should install smoke alarms.  I've got floor plans 
for our suite, and I learned that we've expanded our suite once. 
 Interesting to learn the history and see the evidence in the ceiling, 
wall, floor (who is it?) surfaces!

<p>Um, that's it.

<p>With Love
<br>- Rob

<p>Oh wait..  I've been working on transcribing my past life regression 
adventures. Here's the short version:

<p>In a physically relaxed state, I was verbally led through visualization 
in a limo, out into the country, through a fog, out of limo, to my Guide, 
across a bridge to ....  and I filled in the blanks from there.

<p>First "place" seemed not to be a past life, but just a very relaxed 
place.

<p>Second I found myself walking down a steep mountain road, carrying some 
coins to purchase spices at a trading area at the base of the mountain.  I 
had been sent by my wife.  In that life I was a pretty dumb guy who just 
did what he was told by his wife.

<p>Third place, I found myself as a pirate on a ship in the middle of the 
ocean, on a ship we had stolen from another group.  I was physically huge 
HUGE like Arnold Schwarzenegger huge and had saved my captain's life.  We 
were on an adventure to Spain(?) to get a big phat load of gold and jewels. 
 The ship was disbanded after our payoff and I lived on the wealth in a 
"hotel" for the rest of my life.

<p>Last, I found myself leading a group of friends (tribe) through dense 
jungle on a Peace Offering mission with the neighboring tribe.  We had to 
not be caught or would be attacked by their tribe, but once we arrived and 
offered peace, the war would be over.  Turns out *I* was the peace 
offering.  I lived the rest of my life in this new village, and peace 
reigned between our tribes.

<p>-----

<p>So far, I've transcribed 3.5 of the adventures, and am almost done.  I 
still have to HTML format them, but that shouldn't take too long.

<p>With Love
<br>- Rob

