---
title: Skate with Roberta
tags: skate
author: Rob Nugen
date: 1995-01-13
---

<p class=date>Friday 13 January 1995<p>
 
<p>Wow.  Tonight was my latest wild cool skating adventure.  I skated
to Kirsten & Scott's apartment and Roberta and Mike were there and we
all skated to downtown (about 2 miles).  We skated the Blueprint
Garage first.  I think it should be called 777, because that address
is more prominent than the name of "Blueprint," a store-type thing at
the bottom.  The garage is 12 stories tall.  At the top, the perimeter
has 3 cables to act as a fence- nothing too sturdy whatsoever, so I
skate carefully when I'm by the edge.
<br> We spit off the building a couple of times (I'm glad no one had
to pee), then we skated down.  We stopped at level 2; the guard was in
the booth at the bottom, so we hopped on the elevator to go back up.
The elevator door opened, and a guy was in there... whenever we're
waiting for an elevator, and someone is in it when the doors open,
there is always that split-second when we go, "eeep" wondering if
we're busted.  We weren't.  Instead, he asked incredulously, "are you
going to skate all the way down?"  Mike joked, "no, we're going to
walk, he's going to skate," pointing to me.  Scott said, "it's like
skiing for free."  "This is the lift," I said as the doors opened,
"and there's the hill."</p>
 
<p>He got off on floor 10; we went up to 12.  We zipped by him on
level 10; he hadn't even gotten into his car yet.  On the way down,
Scott said, "if the guard is awake, we can use the elevator to get out
of the building.  If he's sleepin', we can just cruise on by."  The
guard was awake, but we zoomed past his booth right in front of his
face.  I crouched down under the parking garage arm thing at probably
15 miles per hour.  That is so fun.</p>

<p>We cruised to Party on the Plaza, where the trees still had white
Christmas lights all wrapped around them.  It made the top of the
Plaza look like a frozen lake turned skating rink.  Beautiful.  We
played disc up there; I skinned my right forearm and shin.  We met
Rodney and Doug. It was Doug's first night and I crashed into him
twice.  I guess I shouldn't have come skating toward him at a 90
degree angle so fast.</p>
 
<p>We cruised to Brewery Tap for a pitcher of water.  The guy kinda
complained about us never paying for anything, so Roberta gave him
three bucks tip.  Then we went next door to Power Tools, where skaters
get in free every night!  I love it.  There was no one
dancing. Instead they had a weird action-oriented home video looking
thing playing on the big-screen TV.  We watched it a bit while we
rested and then we left.</p>

<p>We watched some skateboard dudes at the Plaza.  They were jumping
over a sideways trashcan.  I've never quite figured out how they do
that.  I mean, the board isn't attached to their feet!!  Crazy.</p>
 
<p>We went to Allen Center and played disc up there for a good 30
minutes.  I looked out over the edge of the building at the cars
scurrying along I-45, and I began to imagine what my life will be like
in 10 years from now.......will I still be skating, or will I just
have to remember this view forever?
<br>We skated and skated and skated all over the top of the garage and
then went down the thing.  No sweat smooth all the way down (I need to
find a biggertallerscarier garage) and then -shit- at the very bottom
where there's like a half-pipe shaped thing there was water at the
bottom.  Crap.  So I jumped over the water and landed on the 45 degree
slant of the pipe and kinda wrecked almost not too bad of a wreck at
the top.  I stopped for a second and then skated down and jumped off
the slant across like 4 or 5 feet of water.</p>
 
<p>Kirsten, Scott and Mike were tired, and went home.  Roberta and I
skated to Cafe' Brazil, which is probably 5 miles from Brewery Tap,
and she told me her version of my skating accident (four months less
two days ago).  I am so glad to be back on skates.</p>

<p>See ya
<br>- Rob</p>
