---
date: '2020-09-16T06:38:00+09:00'
dream: 'https://robnugen.com'
entry_title: 'dream Lin crossed a river and exploring a garage'
journal: journal
posttype: journal
published: true
slug: dream-lin-crossed-a-river-and-exploring-a-garage
title: 'dream Lin crossed a river and exploring a garage'
---

<p class='dream'>Lin was walking across the street to see some wild animal. I told her to be careful but she kept going towards the animal and didn't even walked across a river to get closer.  The animal was some kind of combination between a bear and a crocodile and as you went across the river it also went down into the river and then came up from below and swallowed her whole. The whole time I was screaming for her to turn back around but she didn't listen. Colleen was there and asked what had happened and I told her and we tried to find pictures to show what happened but they weren't showing up on my phone and the audio had not been recorded either, so according to the law it would look like I was a suspect in her demise.  As we were going through the evidence someone told a story about having told a story and said it should be entered into the evidence because they were in the Jewish history preservation society even though the story had nothing to do with the situation at hand.  I said I don't mind recording history, but the fact that she's with some society made me less likely to include it, but there was some legal obligation to do so so I did the minimum required to follow the ridiculous law. I left and I was climbing around in a construction site and got into a place with insulation on one side with little screws sticking out and on the other side was some angled wall made of particle board.  the screws were not screwed all the way in so they were sticking out and they kind of snagged my shirt but I tried to go in further and then heard an alarm so I backed off and got out of the area.  I could hear some radio chatter as people were saying that an alarm had been triggered and they did a radar sweep of the area but did not see anything.  While listening to the radio chatter I went to a different area of the garage and could hear them discussing whether or not to worry about the alarm.  I tried to go down where I thought some stairs would be but there was a car on a hydraulic lift that was blocking where the stairs would be so I went a different direction and came out of the back side of the garage onto the first level.  one of the workers saw me come out from the back side of the garage and asked me how I had gotten there.  I told him that I had tried to go down where there was a car on jacks but wasn't able to get down at that location so he said something else and said that we need to log the event in the computer.  So we went toward some office and the guy's name was low tech or something as we were moving toward his office we navigated in a roundabout way to go up some stairs and the guy behind me was carrying two ladders so I grabbed one of the ladders from him.  We got to the door and there was an announcement saying first rule put the hand cleaning gel away for one hour.  The guy behind me was holding some alcohol hand get so he threw it down the stairs. Rule 2 sounded like don't turn around, but it was mumbled so I couldn't really hear it. I said like "what did he say?" and thought it was kind of unfair for the rules to not be stated clearly, the dream was getting a little bit scary and I remembered it was a dream so I woke up.</p>
