---
title: barboursville
tags: []
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2002-10-02
---

<p class=date>1:32pm CDT Wednesday 2 October 2002</p>

<p>I slept in my car and Shane tapped on the window.  I woke up, saw
he was carrying an invisible pistol, so I jerked up and shot him
multiple times with my 45 calibre air pistol.</p>

<p>I'm going to follow them to Barbie's house.</p>

<p class=date>2:00pm</p>

<p>David and I are being serenaded by Shane on guitar.  Shane is my
first cousin once removed, Barbie's oldest son.</p>

<p>On the way here, we went on super twisty winding roads.  Thank god
they didn't try to explain all that over the phone.  We crossed two
bridges that were one lane each, one of which is an all metal bridge,
including the surface which is a grid like the floor of the Chapel On
The Hill at Con Con 1988.</p>

<p class=date>7:12pm</p>

<p class=note>(dream)</p>

<p class=dream>Using google as a search engine, not just as a search
engine, but somehow even more realtime and more flexible.  Like some
way to have it return the most recent image of a certain statue (not
that statues change), or some way to have it return HTML code that
will allow the image to be imbedded in a document.</p>

<p>Something else too, but I don't know what.</p>

<p>I just slept after having wrestled a lot with Sarah, Shane's 6 year
old sister.  Part of the wrestling included her running across the
room and leaping onto me multiple times and one time her foot
basically socked (no pun intended) me in the jaw.  She's pretty darn
strong and wiggly, I could never keep her restrained very long.</p>

<p>One of our games included me lounging on the couch holding out my
hand as Sarah gallopped back and forth and back and forth alternately
dropping a shoestring into my hand and grabbing it as I let it hang
like old timey mail at the train station.  That's definitely helped
explain why she's sleeping so effectively now.</p>

<p class=date>7:41pm</p>

<p>Funny: I was talking to Becky's husband Doug (Barbie and Charlie's
parents, my aunt and uncle) and we were talking and he was all, "you
need to get up here."  "That would be lovely."  "Yeah you probably
won't get here until Friday night," then I said mockingly as if I had
just arrived on Friday night, "okay, see you guys later.." and he was
all, "okay, bye-bye," and hung up..  What?  Hhahaha I guess he
couldn't tell my mocking voice, which Marcel and I perfected during
college.</p>

<p class=date>7:49pm</p>

<p>Oh hey I just realized that I'm in a different timezone.  It's
8:49pm.  My how times flies!</p>

<p class=date>8:51pm</p>

<p>Wow it seems to have taken an hour and two minutes to reset my
clock.</p>

<p class=date>10:33pm</p>

<p>Just watched Southpark, the episode where Chinpokomon company tries
to brainwash American children to bomb Pearl Harbor.  I almost spelled
Pearl as Perl.</p>

<p class=date>12:11am EDT Thursday 3 October 2002</p>

<p>Barbie just called and said she'll be coming here tomorrow in the
AM.  I'm super looking forward to seeing her!  She's one of my
favorite cousins from back in the day.  :-)</p>

