---
title: Plans
tags: 
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2002-10-03
---

<p class=date>5:46pm EDT Thursday 3 October 2002</p>

<p>Shane just navigated me to AAA in Huntington so I could get maps of
the next states I'll be visiting.  We listened to nearly my entire
Eminem tape on the way there and back.  We are equally impressed with
Eminem's rappin' skillz and rhyming ability.  Wow.</p>

<p>Now I'm going to lay out all these maps and plan my trek.</p>

<p>Actually I need to call Steve in 13 minutes to chat about concerns
that people have that I don't have a home church.</p>

<p class=date>6:18pm</p>

<p>Talked a bit with Steve, who has been contacted by Jennifer
Nichols-Payne, who knows that Steve is the main adult at San Antonio,
and is also the chair of CYA (Committee on Youth Advisors) (I'm on the
commmittee as secretary).  JNP says that "people are watching to see
how we handle this," so he wants to help me get to the rally in a way
that does not jeopardize the CYA or himself or me or whatever.</p>

<p>He told me that he'd like to help me get there because he believes
I add to the youth community.  :-) </p>

<p>Steve asked about the situation with driving to Tulsa.  I drove
with Marta in the car, and Kate Dempsey and Jackie Purdy as well.  We
went separately because Jackie was unable to leave until after 9pm.
The rest of the Plano group went earlier with Sean and Simon Barnes'
dad driving.</p>

<p>He asked about my membership of churches, and I told him that I
have never been more than a student member of Northwoods back while I
was in high school.  I have pledged money to Emerson, but I never
signed their books as a member.  I've been advisor at Emerson, and at
Northwoods for multiple years.</p>

<p>I queried about membership in the CLF (Church of the Larger
Fellowship) and he said that may be the way to go, considering I'm in
a transitional period, etc.  It's kinda silly to consider joining the
CLF for just 4 months that I'll be in the country.  I don't give a
crap about getting the CLF newsletter or any shit like that.  I pretty
much don't want to give any money to them in such a ... can't think of
the word... what is it.. in such a fine-I'll-do-it-your-way way.  Just
to fucking fill in some beauracratic line bullshit way to console some
parents who are too fucking scared to talk to me face to face about
this.  Who are these people who are concerned?  What is their real
issue?  I'm just trying to go to two fucking more rallies and then go
to fucking Japan to inspire our beloved youth to do great magnificent
things in the world!</p>

<p>Yes I understand the need for CYA to have rules and set guidelines
and maybe all advisors should be a member of a church, even the CLF,
okay fine.. but this issue came up because of <em>me</em>.  me!
Why?</p>

<p class=date>7:43pm</p>

<p>So Steve and I tossed some ideas around, like me being co-advisor
during the San Antonio Rally.  I didn'tlike the idea of just creating
a position for Rob to fill; that seems a bit like bending rules just
for me.  He agreed and invited me to think on it some, and to write a
CYA policy as a recommendation for a guideline in the future.</p>

<p class=date>8:51pm</p>

<p>This is bizarre.  This cat (and I do mean feline, Joey) is licking
the back of my ear and side of my head.  Licking licking licking while
I'm trying to write a recommendation for CYA's approval of
advisors.</p>

<p class=date>12:01am EDT Friday 4 October 2002</p>

<p>I have written the recommendation and emailed it to Steve.  I think
it's a good start for what we're trying to do.</p>

