---
title: Rant
tags: 
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2002-10-03
---

<p class=date>12:02am EDT Friday 4 October 2002</p>

<p>There's a part of me that is so scared to let go of my connections
to people in the world.  Like I feel driven to read livejournal
entries each day, and reply to all the emails I get (not all of them,
but all of them that are sent personally to me), and I want to keep in
touch with all my old friends from Houston and I just feel like I'm
helpless to let *something* go, but I don't want to let anything go.
And I want to write snail mails so I'll get snail mails back, and I
feel bad for not going to see Anna Magwood in Florida, but I haven't
even emailed her to say I'm not going to drive down there.  And I want
to go north to see my Aunt Madeleine, Joana, Abbey, Sford, Kniery Mom,
and somehow have time to visit Cedar Point for a day or two, plus see
where I was raised...  It's like I'm *packing* all this shit into my
life that's supposed to be a fucking <em>vacation</em> nowadays!  What
is up with this craziness???</p>

<p>I got the state maps I requested from AAA, but now I wish I had an
overview map, one of the entire US, or preferably maybe just the north
eastern states, cause putting all these maps together with their
different scales and big paper boundaries around the map makes it
difficult to figure out what's what.  Plus I don't have a map of
Indiana, and I didn't realize that Indiana is in between Illinois and
Ohio.  I thought it was the other way around.</p>

<p>Pooh.  What's under all this?  What's really bothering me?  It's
probably all the shit that's been up for the past month that I haven't
written in my public journal.  All the skeletons in <em>my</em> closet
that are still closed up, rotting and decaying in my mind.  I'm
thinking of declassifying everything maybe 10 years after it
happens.. by then people who might get pissed would probably not care
anymore, plus I wouldn't make a big deal out of it; I'd just go back
into my entries that are 10 years old and declassify them.  No
fanfare.  Someone would have to just go back into the 10 year old
entries to find out what *really* happened....  ;-)</p>

<p>No, this is not a hint that entries that are just now 10 years old
will be suddenly interspersed with juicy bits.  I don't think I really
even have entries from 1992.  All my shit was written on paper back
then.</p>

<p>There are times that I'll write about 500 characters about what
happened, but then write 3000 characters about the rest of the story.
It's all slowly coming.</p>

<p> Patience.  Faith.  Growth.</p>

<p>- - - -</p>

<p>Part of it also is that I've grown accustomed to a speedy internet
connection, and I just don't have that lately.</p>
