---
title: River walk
tags: []
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2002-10-04
---

<p class=date>12:18pm EDT Friday 4 October 2002</p>

<p>I'm standing in a river now (across the street from Barbie's
house), only as deep as my lower calf on the left foot, standing on a
large fallen tree.  I'm using the uplifted roots as my computer table.
My right foot stands up out of the water on the tree, as if I
conquered it.</p>

<p>If by conquer I mean that I did not slip and fall into the water,
then yes, I conquered the tree.  The main reason I'm not across the
river by now is that I don't want to get wet.  And some trees have
teasingly fallen halfway across the river, on both sides but not at
the same point across the river.  I can wade through part of the water
through which I can see the bottom, but if I can't see the bottom, I
don't really want to walk there for fear that I will slip into a deep
hole and get my computer wet.  That would be bad.  Darn non-waterproof
computer..  hahaha</p>

<p>Okay, wish me luck.</p>

<p class=date>12:53pm</p>

<p>Wow.  I successfully navigated two different trees partway across
the river to a sandbar and back.  The first tree was a large um, tree
(darn my non-knowledge of tree types) slanted from the bank down into
the water.  Its bark wanted to slough off each time I stepped on it,
so I had to be supremely careful to keep from losing my footing.  Plus
I was wearing shoes, which made me a tad less balanced.</p>

<p>Ended up crouching on all fours like a silly looking hump backed
rabbit and made it to a point where I could look down and see the sand
through the water.  It looked like I could climb off the branch into
the water and not slip and not be too deep.</p>

<p>The trunk was high enough out of the water that I chose to face
backwards and sorta slide off it into the water.  Splash! up to my
lower shorts legs, but none on my phone or wallet which I have in my
pockets, and certainly none on my backpack or computer.</p>

<p>Walked slowly along the sandbar; the water was deeper than I had
guessed it would be.  (Hey maybe if I get a waterproof backpack that
would be a lot cheaper and allow me to swim across the river with all
my stuff.)  Did not discover a way across the river, but made it to
another much smaller tree trunk that would allow me passage back to
shore.  This trunk was partially submerged, and had a cool whirlpool
sometimes sucking leaves down under the trunk.  I could not see the
river bottom below this tree, so I walked super carefully across it,
balancing as best I could.  Balance was good enough to make it without
falling.  Oh, I had to psych myself out and play like it was a short
sturdy brick wall and an error would be easily recoverable.  This gave
me the courage to walk more quickly across the log and make it to
shore.</p>

<p>Put my legs on overdrive to clambor up the steep slope as dirt
sloughed off with each step.  Made it up to street level in a few
minutes.</p>

<p>- - - -</p>

<p>Oh, I had found a golf ball earlier in my trek, which I bounced to
a kid on the street.  His name is Brian, and I had previously met him
as one of Shane's friends.  He had chosen to take the day off from
school today.</p>

