---
title: Walk elizabeth
tags: []
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2002-10-05
---

<p class=date>2:52pm EDT Saturday 5 October 2002</p>

<p>Been chatting it up with Elizabeth, who I still think is a pretty
cool pretty cute girl.  Been talking about her major and about travel
and about languages.  She knows some French and has known some
German.</p>

<p>I asked, "you wanna go walk around in the woods?"  "Are we going to
get dirty?"  "Hopefully!"  So we're going to go romp around in the
woods now.</p>

<p class=date>6:44pm</p>

<p>Had an utterly fantastic romp through the woods with Elizabeth!  We
started easily at first, and then quickly decided if we're going to do
this right, we gotta cross the river.</p>

<p>It wasn't as deep as I had feared it might be; my shorts barely got
wet.  4 wheel drive up the ravine and then through the beautiful
forest to discover an ugly scar that Elizabeth wondered if it might be
a dam.  I didn't think so; what water would it dam up?</p>

<p>Up up up up up a steep incline until we reached the ridge of the
mountain.  A couple hundred feet elevation above the river as we
reached the tip top of the mountain overlooking the golf course and
neighborhood.  Too many trees to see more than glimpses of one house
at a time.</p>

<p>I found a small tree growing right next to a big tree without low
branches.  I blessed the trees and asked if I could climb them.
Positive answer, so I used the small tree to reach the big tree's
lowest branch.  Up Up Up up up up up up up up up until the trunk of
the big tree was almost as small as the small tree.  Totally awesome.
I don't really have a way to determine how high I climbed, but I'm
guessing 100 feet.</p>

<p>Down the tree, then gave it a hug.  Down the ridge the other
direction from wence we came.  Saw beautiful forest, so quiet so full
of life and chipmunks and a woodpecker as we sat quietly on a spongey
log fallen across the ravine.</p>

<p>Trekked down down the ravine until we found another scar in the
land, including fallen trees, including a hunter's platform which he
had thoroughly bolted to the tree with 4x4s.  Tree was cut, down came
the hunter's roost.  Ironic to think, "oh those squirrels lost their
home, but that poor hunter lost his roost."</p>

<p>Elizabeth asked, "I wonder what's on the other side of that dirt
right there?"</p>

<p>"I can think of 2 ways to find out:  1 is to go over there, 2 is to
send you over there and you tell me what you see, 3 is for us to send
a letter to that house [beyond the dirt] and ask them what they see
from their house."</p>

<p>Turned out to be a house under construction, with a curious base.
Basically it looked like a cinderblock wall 3 feet tall around the
whole perimeter, but the dirt underneath hadn't been smoothed or
anything.  2x12s had been put on the cinderblocks to make the floor,
so there was no way to really fix the floor further.  Plus, it
couldn't really have been specifically insulating dead air space
because there was a crawlway into it from the garage.  Okay the garage
could have been partially insulated, but still weird.</p>

<p>Asked a neighbor where we were, and Elizabeth understood, but I did
not.  Told him where we had been, etc.</p>

<p class=date>7:05pm</p>

<p>(Barbie has just arrived.)</p>

<p>(Oooh I love her short hair!)</p>

<p>Okay, quick.. Back up the hill, but I loved that Elizabeth was all,
"let's go a different way back!" and loved how exploratious she was
willing to be.  That way back proved to be easier and we saw a deer in
a field on top of a hill.  Beautiful field with a beautiful mountain
range visible beyond it.  Sun setting behind us to the left lit the
whole thing fabulously.  And there was a table with two white plastic
chairs stacked nearby.</p>

<p>Tromped down the hill and a guy was bulldozing at the first scar we
saw.  Turns out Elizabeth was right; he's making a dam to make a lake.
Paul Adams was his name.  It was mostly all his land and this is a
project he has been wanting to do for a while.  Good for him.  I hope
it's all a beautiful thing for the world and not some horrible
commercialized bullshit thing.</p>

<p>Chatted with him a bit and Elizabeth left leaving a bit wary of his
skillz at building a dam.  What if it collapsed and flooded the area
below?  It was supposed to be a couple of acres.  I just don't
know.</p>

<p>Down through brambles I went and Elizabeth found an easier way.
Then down to the river almost exactly where we had crossed before, but
this time was significantly deeper.  My stomach got wet.  She
basically dove in without getting her head under.  Back to the house
and Becky was all, "IF YOU GET THIS HOUSE DIRTY AFTER I JUST
CLEANED IT....." and I just laughed and ran inside to the kitchen and
then to the bathroom.  Didn't get it too dirty.  All is good.</p>

<p>- - - -</p>

<p>Oh, one thing I really liked is that she wore her silver bracelets
and choker necklace during our adventure.  Nice.</p>
