---
title: barbie
tags: 
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2002-10-06
---

<p class=date>6:06pm EDT Sunday 6 October 2002</p>

<p>Barbie is so beautiful.  Too bad she smokes and is my cousin, but I
just really think she's hot.</p>

<p>She's an awesome mom for Sarah and Shane, and is super success
oriented in her career.  She's working on buying a magazine (and I
ain't talking about buying 1 issue of a magazine) and has done lots of
other stuff, but I don't know what yet until we get a real chance to
talk!</p>

<p class=date>6:11pm</p>

<p>At this moment, Keely and Sarah and Bevin have come over to visit,
further interrupting Barbie, but they are about to split and go
fishing; they were just checking in with Barbie.</p>

<p>Sarah is in a super great mood; she loves playing with Keely.</p>

<p>Interesting that Barbie likes to have Sarah dressed nicely even
when she (Sarah) is about to go fishing.</p>

<p class=date>8:04pm</p>

<p>Barbie and I have finally gotten to talk.  We walked around her
neighborhood; there is a circular road that basically wraps around
most of the houses and holes in the golf course.  Showed me the
riverfront lot she purchased, the last buildable lot in Barboursville
which she apparently got for a good price.</p>

<p>Exchanged relationship stories of both of our misadventures in
sex/romance.  whoopie.</p>

<p>Told her a bit about my love of youth advising, and my final two
planned rallies before I go.  How Bryn told me if I let YRUU keep me
from exploring the world, then that's what I'll be teaching the youth:
let something great hold me back from the world.</p>

<p>We waved to three people walking by and I noticed it was Jason's
mom and two of her kids.  "HI Jason's mom!" and me-an-Barbie's
conversation was interrupted while they talked neighbor stuff and work
stuff.  They have both worked in radio before. (behind the scenes)</p>

<p>Barbie and I will probably chat again soon.</p>

<p class=date>1:06am</p>

<p>Chatted with Barbie, shared a bit more about relationship stuff and
my love of beautiful Sally.  Barbie and I seem to share a tendency to
fall in love with people pretty quickly (and usually fall out of love
pretty quickly too.)</p>
