---
title: Cordie
tags: 
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2002-10-06
---

<p class=date>9:32am EDT Sunday 6 October 2002</p>

<p>Cordie made breakfast this morning of eggs, toast, sausage, gravy.
Good stuff even though she kept saying it would be better if she had
had milk.</p>

<p class=date>5:56pm</p>

<p>After walking with Sarah for an hour or more, she really needed a
drink of water, but wasn't willing to come home to get it.  I couldn't
really find the real reason why.  Closest I got was that she wasn't
able to have any friends over.  I'm not sure why though.</p>

<p>I basically dropped Sarah off at Keely, Bevin & Jeff's house.  They
were glad to watch her; she keeps Keely pretty well entertained and
vice versa.</p>

<p>Pregnant Bevin offered me brownie and ice cream, and hot dogs +
broccoli for Sarah.  Excellent.</p>

<p>- - - -</p>

<p>Back to the house I almost got to chat with Barbie, but she kept
getting interrupted and I fell asleep.  She fell asleep as soon as I
woke up, but I got to chat with Cordie s'more.</p>

<p>Cordie inquired about my plans and such, and told me a fraction
about her life, basically that she wants to start an exercise routine
(walking consistently) and might possibly want to teach illiterate
types how to read now that Cordie's mom (my dad's grandmother) Granny
has died and Cordie is no longer taking care of her.</p>

<p>The family is still taking care of estate BS after the death and
that's taking a lot of time and energy from people, and explains why
Barbie and Cordie were unable to come here for so many days after I
got here.</p>

<p>Cordie explained how she still feels anger toward the Japanese for
Pearl Harbor (she was 18 years old) and wishes me well on my
adventure, but is simply aware of how times have changed.  She
wondered if I had been taught a lot of history, and I said yes it had
been presented to me, but that I didn't really learn it.</p>

