---
title: Barboursville
tags: []
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2002-10-07
---

<p class=date>8:41am EDT Monday 7 October 2002</p>

<p>Barbie is leading me to the Jiffy Lube in Barboursville, but first
a stop at the bank (no story), and now stopped at a full service gas
station.  No story here except that it's the first full service
station sign said "ALL CIGARETTE CARTONS STATE MINIMUM PRICE OR
LESS"</p>

<p>That's funny.</p>

<p>I'm with Barbie now after dropping off Scott at Jiffy Lube.
Anthony, the cat who remembered my car description after I had called
him and asked about a T-tech service (change the transmission fluid
without dropping the pan), came out and talked me through the details.
$26 for oil, $79 for T-tech.  Then the cat in the garage was all "it's
a standard."</p>

<p>"Oh, we can't do a T-tech on a standard."  The service we can do
there is blah blah blah and it costs $29."</p>

<p>Okay.  I expressed my concern that Buffy at Oak Forest had told me
that I ought not disturb the filings in the bottom of the transmission
cause if they're stirred up, that will start fucking up the gears and
such.  He said, "well there's a magnetic drain plug that will attract
all the filings to it so that shouldn't be a problem."  The cat in the
back office who was listening without interrupting nodded is head in a
way that said, <em>yes, that is the correct answer for that
concern.</em></p>

<p>"Excellent.  I'll trust you guys know what you're talking about
cause I obviously don't."</p>

<p>With the lowered price, I went ahead and added flush of radiator
since I'm almost due for that.  Yay Scott!</p>

<p class=date>9:09am</p>

<p>Oh shit.  Hilarious.  Guess where we are eating breakfast.</p>

<p>I'll give you a hint, it's not super healthy.</p>

<p>Tudor's Biscuit World</p>

<p>Nice.</p>
