---
title: Ohio
tags: 
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2002-10-07
---

<p class=date>6:02pm EDT Monday 7 October 2002</p>

<p>Driving to Ohio now.  I've been driving for a bit.  Like 60 miles
or so.  Just stopped at BP Amoco for $1.489/gallon gas.</p>

<p>1915 miles since dallas.  Next on the list of funny place names:
Uranium Enrichment Plant</p>

<p class=date>8:22pm</p>

<p>Now I have arrived in Ohio.  So thankful for the most excellentness
of everyone to put me up on such short notice.  I'm really thankful
for that.</p>

<p class=date>9:04pm</p>

<p>We just watched the last bit of Fear Factor.  What a silly show.
Now Katy is watching Everybody Loves Raymond.</p>

<p>Just saw a commercial for Survivor, which reminds me of a
prediction made by Joe McMoneagle, that suggested the survivor shows
will eventually become long adventures that include business
negotiations, cultural immersions, geographical challenges, etc.</p>

<p class=date>10:38pm</p>

<p>Wowzers.  Very interesting the emotions that come up in this
scenario.  I've just dropped in on my aunt and step uncle with one
day's notice and they really wanted to be super accomodating.  I
certainly don't want to have *not* seen them, but I also just wanted
to see them and not get super royal treatment.  I finally had to just
say "go to bed" to Madeleine as she was showing me the food in the
refrigerator.  "If none of it is off limits, then I can just wing it
in the morning."</p>

<p>Katy and David had to go to bed and be up early, so I hugged them
bye; I won't see them tomorrow.  Actually I just hugged Katy.  The
twins had already gone to bed.</p>

<p>- - - -</p>

<p>These guys are so awesome for giving me a warm bed on such short
notice.</p>

<p>The plan for tomorrow is to see my cousin Pete for lunch, and then
for me to head on to my next stop, Oberlin.</p>

<p>It's been a week now since I've been internet connected with this
computer.</p>

<p class=date>10:44pm</p>

<p>The floors in this house are <em>very squeaky</em>.</p>

<p>Good night.</p>
