---
title: Cog disc summary
tags: 
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2002-10-08
---

<p class=date>1:37pm EDT Sunday 13 October 2002</p>

<p>I'm just now reading some of my emails, and found this hilarious
one from Cog, who has played Ultimate for many years at UH with
Saturday Night Specials</p>

<pre>
From: Cog
To:   SNS group
Subj: Disk Golf synopsis

Yall missed some great disk golf after Ultimate.

Only Steve and I were manly enough to play after 3 action packed games of
SNS Ultimate.

Meek realizing he was going to taunted and perhaps even double taunted
started laying full out on the grass between the last few points of
the third game.Ê It was not enough ... his manhood was challenged
afterwards in the name of disk golf.Ê His excuse was ... I have to
drive back to Austin tomorrow I don't want to be sore for that.Ê I
don't know how many times I have driven to Austin and have been
exhausted by the time I got there.Ê I usually pull over a few times
and put the car in drive and try and run beside it for as long as I
can.Ê Or other times I try to crawl from the front seat to the back
while maintaining the speed limit of the road.

Sean was even worse ... even thou he had no one to go home to.Ê He
claimed he was a real man and he had played real ultimate on the
previous Thursday.  He was too tired from Thursday night to walk
around for another 30 minutes.  I think we should change our name to
Saturday Night Woosies.

Steve and I ventured out into the dark all alone.Ê Into new
construction.  After 9 holes I had to borrow a limp wet dollar from
Steve for a drink.Ê It took me about 20 minutes to get the machine to
take it ... but I was not to be denied !Ê Ahhh Cran-Rasberry Ocean
Spray at hole 9 on the UH course at 2:00 AM.Ê It doesn't get any
better than that.
</pre>
