---
title: gin in luarca asturias
tags: 
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2002-10-09
---

<pre>
from: gin
date: 09 oct 2002
subj: Gin in Luarca, Asturias

 Hello SunShine Lovers,

     May the change of the season and the tides of your life inspire
your creative soul.  It seems the colder it gets, the more pronounced
the directional energy flow becomes. Nature displays it all,  the
secrets and surreal miracles of life surround us. The dancing trees
with their chlorophyll drained leaves spiraling to the ground, and
their blood- the sap draining back into the roots, reminds me of  how
my second autumn of life- so close to the currents of nature- has made
me more aware of my own waning season of the year.  I want to practice
less questioning and doubt.   It has been my motto to prevail with
®energia que sobre®.  To continue with my own force that is not just
enough to get me through a day, but to feel the pulse of the power and
know i will have plenty left over, no matter what i might run into.  I
woke up this morning in a $12 hotel.  I took a hot bath, then got back
into bed at 6am.  I turned on the tv to see what time it was, when it
might be getting light outside, and the headline news was the major
flooding to the east.  Over the region where i am was a white
dot.  The weather woman said it was going to snow.  I turned off the
tube, laughed a little and went back to sleep.  I woke up and the sun
was shining.  The crystal ball is not always right. 

     I found a foot path yesterday!!! Shiny blue hand-made ceramic
tiles with painted pale yellow sea shells on them guided me off the
highway onto a dirt road which later turned into a foot path, that
later went over the mountain through a long stretch of tall cactus
like plants called ®toxos® (x=sch) in Gallego.  I later found out this
plant has at least a dozen names in this region.  I have known this
plant since the day i walked out of Burgos, my first encounter
with it outside of Espinosa (which means prickly).  The painful pass
over the mountain yesterday helped my original theory of the history
of the ®camino®. 

        The current legend of the ®Camino de Santiago de Compostella®
has to do with the lost cranium of Jesus of Nazareth's first cousin,
Saint James.  I have heard the story several times, and it is so
outlandish that every pilgrim that has set out from the far reaches of
Europe and other areas, in search of the bones of Saint James, have
all been considered over the pail crazy (if we were not already). 
Someday I will get the official ®scoop®on the story and send it on to
you.  In preparation for the ®camino®, i refused to read anything
about the trail, the history, the points of interest, etc.   I wanted
to discover it for myself, thinking that i could have plenty of time
after my walk to read the stories of others.  When I set out last
summer from Normandy, in the North of France, I quickly learned how
easily it was to get lost, even with a map and a compass.  By the time
I had made it across Bretagne to a river, I knew would take me to the
Atlantic,  I was ready to do what ever it took to stay by the river
and make it to the ocean to reduce my daily hours of absolute
lostness. Part of my journey is about trying to feel what I believe
the ancients could have felt.  I know the old ®camino®and the
reason pilgrims originally made this trip was to make it to
Finisterre, the ®end of the earth®.  It seems as absurd to us that
once the earth was considered flat, as it must have seemed to them
that the earth could be round.  Since the Christians imposed the story
of Saint James, and the calculations proved to skeptical  minds that
the earth was not flat, the journey to the ®end of the earth® has been
cut short by 130 kilometers or so, to Santiago.  I do hope the story
of Saint James is true, and Robin Hood existed, but their stories
remain as inspirations to people through out the ages and help guide
people to new levels of compassion and adventure. 

       And the French coast turned to swamp.... then the mountains got
taller and taller and the brush got so thick it was impassable. 
Rivers that were only crossable between low tide and high tide, when
the water was not rushing in or out, needed to be crossed.  I bet lots
of pilgrims learned to swim, and many drowned.  At the other side of
the river was more swamp, months of swamp.  Here, the ®toxos® are
blood letting.  I survived my days hike yesterday, in a downpour,
 with my poncho wrapped like a duster and chaps around my legs.  I was
still bleeding.  Those things make stinging nettles feel like
tickling feathers.  Here, the mountains are not small, and everything
is green and strong.  In a matter of days any cleared trail could be
taken over by the flora.  I have not seen any fauna (except a frog and
a bird).  So, on with my theory.  I hope this interests some of
you...   I think in the old days the pilgrims (or the ponderers, or
wanderers) tried to get to Finisterre or Santiago de Compostella with
the sea to their (our) right.  If and when they (we) made it (they say
at least 10% did not-due to their death),  I bet they were willing to
take any trail other than the one by the coast to make the return trip
to their place of origin.  Thus, the ®French Trail® was blazed further
to the south, mostly out of the mountains and in the practically
desert regions of Burgos, La Rioja, and Lyon.  What would be better,
lots of water, or no water?  What is better, to see the ends of
creation, the known limits of our existence and endurance, or let it
pass untested?  To soothe my own madness i will quote another
lyric, ®it is better to regret something you have done than something
you haven't done...®. 

       I think i will save Galicia for another year.  I am almost
there. I will make it, then re-evaluate my trail.   If i am going to
keep out of ®illegal alien®status i don't have time to reach
®Finisterre® anyway.  I have had it my way, over every large mountain
(except the one i was scared off of).  To guard my health i
have consumed vitamin C and raw garlic almost daily since i started
the pilgrimage.  My vitamin C requirements are now off the scale.  I
have pushed my body to her limits, and she has served me well. 
Galicia is a few days away.  It is my golden fleece, and as green as a
leprechaun's love.  It is possible that the things i am searching for,
i will always search for, knowing very well they are all within.  I
want to deal with my hate and my rage and my fear and doubts as well
as confront the beauty and creativity that i keep locked up.  In large
that is why I like to walk alone. I want to trace those branches
to their roots.  They are mine.   

     Last winter i caught my self wondering who the mothers and the
grandmothers confide in.  Who's shoulder do they cry on when the
stability they maintain is feeling too heavy.  I walked off the
mountain to call my mom and ask her.  In these last weeks I have met
several special women. Among them was a very old woman who recently
lost her husband of 65 years.  We talked and i found myself holding
her, she was shaking and in tears, knowing her future was full of sad
and lonely nights without her man.  Regarding death, I have found
there are no real consolations, only lots of tears and time.  Another
woman, a mother of 4- her youngest son 17 years old.  She owned one of
the hostels I stayed in.  The mother of thousands of pilgrims over the
last 12 years.  I had never seen an ®owner® of any of the 4 or 5
hostels i had stayed in, they were all just burned-out employees.  I
stayed with her until the rain almost stopped late in the afternoon
the next day.  I arrived on her porch in a cold and heavy storm the
night before.  She was having a nervous breakdown, and had attempted
suicide a few days earlier.  She let me make her lunch, and give her
an alignment and then hold her in her tears and feel her fears.  I am
blessed to know who holds the mothers and grandmothers when they need
to be held, we do.  Those people that can, that will, that is why we
are here. 

       Love to You and your Mothers...      ultreÔa, gin
</pre>
