---
title: Oberlin summary for Sally
tags: []
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2002-10-10
---

From: Rob Nugen <rob@robnugen.com>
Date: Tue Oct 15, 2002  10:16:59 PM US/Central
To:   Sally
Subj: Beautiful Sally

Oberlin was great.

I basically just made myself melt into the co-op culture, though I
didn't really break into many conversations with people that I didn't
meet through Abbey, my peep there.  I had my backpack on most of the
time as a disguise to make me look like a student.

Asia house seemed big and awesome.  That's the meal that featured a
big hugemongous chocolate brownie thing that was decadent for vegan!
Maybe it wasn't vegan, but a surprising amount of food there was
vegan.  At that meal, I helped by clearing all the dishes from Abbey's
clique of peeps with whom I was chillin'.

On the second day, I rode randomly down main street, laughed my ass
off (inside my head) when I discovered that *was* downtown, on the
sidewalks of which they did not want me to ride my bike.  So I turned
left and soon found the bike trail and arbitrarily turned right.  I
was pleased and impressed that this relatively small city put so much
effort into their bike trail.  Guard rails, for goodness sakes!
Awesome.  And well kept asphalt all the way through, not some crappy
crap to ride on.  All the way past the golf course and past a dogleg
onto some real streets and then discovered the tressels above the
trail.

What a great challenge to get my bike up through the brush!  I almost
fell back once, as I lost my balance when a plant grabbed my bike
pretty effectively.  But persevered and got up to the tracks.  Rode
along the tracks toward the tressel first, and even road across it.
Its surface was iron plate metal (solid surface, not like railroad
ties between which I could see) that reminded me of the outer hull of
an old large ship.  I guessed and hoped it would be strong enough for
me not to fall through; I didn't know what held up this surface.  Made
it across no problem and rode lumpily across the next section of
railroad ties to the next tressel that was built in 1906 according to
the diecast plate on one end.

I needed to start getting back by that point, so I rode back across
both tressels and then decided to clambor down the *other* side of the
tracks, just for a change.  It was far far far more overgrown and way
more difficult for me to get through.  Lots of briars poked at me and
I basically had to push my bike up and over and through all sorts of
branches and brambles to get out.  Awesome fun.

Rode back, at one point pacing behind a guy on a racing bike (he
wasn't working really hard to go fast) until he turned off the trail.

Once I was on campus, on North Professor street, a guy yelled at me
from a car driving on the street!  It took me so by surprise..  He
yelled something like this, "you think you're tough?  yeah I'm talking
to you!  Do you think you're tough??" and I wasn't saying anything,
just totally surprised, trying to figure out what the fuck was up with
this cat.  He continued, "I'll tell you who's tough!  *I'M* tough!
That's why I'm driving away in this car!!  We'll meet back here at 3pm
tomorrow!  I'll be here, I swear it!  I swear I will!!!" and he kept
yelling some more, but by that time was pretty much out of my hearing
range.  How bizarre!!

(I did not return to that location the next day at 3pm, so I don't
know if he made good on his word..)

Back at the blue house two doors north of Keep, Abbey and I watched a
video called _Tough Guise_ for one of her classes.  It described how
this culture reinforces/encourages/assumes violence/strength/power
among boys and men as opposed to women.  It had a lot of good points.

- - - -

I paid $6 to the Bike Co-op and fixed eight spokes on my bike!  Two
were broken and six were in need of replacing.  What an inexpensive
great experience that was!  I'm quite thankful for that awesomeness.
That process took about 3 hours, and made me later leaving for
Kalamazoo than I had planned.. *But*, it kept me there past 6:00pm, so
that's when I rode my bike to the post office in downtown Oberlin and
found it to be closed.  I rode back up the street to Drug Mart and
bought some stamps there, and then rode back to campus and it was well
after 6:20 so I grabbed one more dinner from Keep.  The front door was
closed, and I was all "eek" cause I don't have a card, but the two
doors behind-ish the porch swing were open,  so I just walked in like
I was supposed to be there.  Ate my dinner and gave mental blessing to
Keep and the campus and Abbey and the college world in general as I
collected all my stuff and drove away.

Then I was all, "AHHHH!!" as I *almost* forgot to drop off your letter
in Oberlin!  I didn't want to send you a letter from *Kalamazoo!!!!*

Oberlin.

I love you Sally.  Really Really Really a lot.

	Hugs and Kisses
	XO OX XO OX XO OX
	- Rob
