---
title: Dream
tags: [ "dream" ]
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2002-10-11
---

<p class=date>9:20am EDT Friday 11 October 2002</p>

<p class=note>(dream)</p>

<p class=dream>Walking with Barbie maybe, and came across a house
under construction.  I needed some 2x4s to use as stakes in my house
to help me sell it.  Inside the garage of this house (not mine) I
found some pieces of 2x4 about 4 feet long with pointy ends to use as
a stake.  Found four pieces.  Also found 4 smaller pieces to be used
for something else.</p>

<p class=dream>Barbie motioned for me to wait, as I had began to walk
out the door; she wanted to wait for Dr Dre who was also in the garage
getting some stuff that he needed.  While we waited, the owner of the
house came into the garage and caught us stealing his shit.</p>

<p class=dream>He asked what was the next thing I intended to do with
the boards I had.</p>

<p class=dream>"Um, go to my house and use them as stakes."  I had
decided not to lie and get myself in more trouble.</p>

<p class=dream>He asked if I had been there to his house
previously.</p>

<p class=dream>"no"</p>

<p class=dream>"really?" he asked, as if to make sure I hadn't
forgotten about it.</p>

<p class=dream>"yes I have never been hear before.  Today is my first
day."</p>

<p class=dream>"You didn't steal a shirt from me that said Marathon on
it?"</p>

<p class=dream>"no, but I read abotut it in the newspaper."</p>

<p class=dream>"Anyone could have heard about it on the news" he
said, trying to make that statement implicate me.</p>

<p class=dream>I made a joke, yeah Barbie said the samething, "if
I..they stole it they could just look down and know what it said on
the shirt."  She had said 'I' but I switched the word to 'they' at the
last minute to keep him from thinking she was really talking about
me.</p>

<p class=dream>"He tried to use magic marker and make it look like a
top ten countdown."</p>

<p class=dream>"Reeealy?  I did not know that." I considered this next
part before saying it.  "With all due respect, this shirt will be a
lot mor valuable after it's been so famous."</p>

<p class=dream>He rolled his eyes.</p>

<p class=dream>"I know this is not the type of publicity you'd like to
get, but it's true."</p>

<p class=dream>He said something about fifty dollars for the shirt,
but I thought he was offering to let me pay fifty dollars for the wood
and let me off without prosecution.</p>

<p class=dream>"Okay" and I reached for my wallet because I had fifty
dollars in it.</p>

<p class=dream>He looked confused.</p>

<p class=dream>I was all, "I thought you were offering to
acept fifty dollars from me so you wouldn't prosecute me."</p>

<p class=dream>No response.</p>

<p class=dream>"I'm just trying to stay out of jail.  If fifty bucks
will do it, then that's fine."</p>

<p class=dream>He considered a moment and then accepted the offer, but
then said something like , "blah blah blee bloo and your friends won't
be implicated."</p>

<p class=dream>I was all, "what?"</p>

<p class=dream>He spoke again, but this time it was different, so I
recognized I was dreaming, and woke up and kept my fifty bucks.</p>
