---
title: museum of science
tags: 
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2002-10-11
---

<p class=date>2:02pm EDT Friday 11 October 2002</p>

<p>I'm at the Kalamazoo Museum.  The peeps at the front counter
greeted me and after a short conversation said I should check out the
Trail of History, for there is a letter written by someone that's
really interesting.</p>

<p>"Who?" I asked.</p>

<p>They didn't want to give it away.</p>

<p>"I see..  the mummy...." I said mysteriously, for we had just
previously been talking about a mummy on level three.</p>

<p class=date>2:35pm</p>

<p>Wow.</p>

<p>I'm only on the first floor of the three story museum, checking
out three new interactive things I hadn't previously seen at a
museum.  They have the tornado simulation (cylinder of air with fan on
top and vapor (dry ice?) emitted from the bottom), which I've seen
before, but they also have three other things:</p>

<p>1) Glass half sphere about four feet in diameter with water filling the
bottom spherical half.  A variable speed fan above the water whirls
the air around inside the thing to simulate no wind, or wind wind, or
storm winds.  The water sometimes whips about and splashes within the
sphere.  Cool stuff.</p>

<p>2) Glass full sphere about two feet in diameter, with sand filling
the bottom quarter, and the rest full of water.  The sphere itself may
be spun by hand (only on vertical axis), causing the water and sand to
whirl around in possibly fun ways.</p>

<p>3) Vibrating rubber mat with sand on top, simulating the earth
rumbling, according to the sign.  Not variable speed vibration, but I
can press firmly down on the mat and stop or dampen vibrations on a
certain area, causing patterns to emerge in other places.  Not nearly
as cool as the violin bow on metal, but still pretty cool.</p>

<p>Okay, upstairs now.</p>

<p class=date>2:55pm</p>

<p>Aight.  I'm in the Trail of History, and I haven't seen a letter
yet.  Will I miss it?  There is plenty plenty plenty to see and read
here.  Lots of hidden elements.  Presumably a letter so cool will be a
featured part of the exhibit.</p>

<p class=date>4:26pm</p>

<p>I gave up a long time ago on finding that mysterious awesome
letter.  For at least the past hour, I've been building a two motor,
four wheel car, that can run on this track they've got set up.  Six
little motors to choose from, and a whole pile of K'nex toys to build
with.  Thing is, they only build well in two dimensions.  They don't
really have a piece that will support structures radiating out in all
three dimensions.  Getting over that hurdle is what took the longest.
I never really did it; I ended up making two cars and rubberbanded
them together kinda like a train.</p>

<p>Talked to a cat who just got back from Japan doing some research.
He works in this museum now and today is his first day.  They told
him, "go out and play with stuff."  So that's what he's doing,
exploring the museum.</p>

<p class=date>5:02pm</p>

<p>I successfully built an arch out of foam blocks designed for such.
However, this was quite a challenge more than I might have expected.
Haha to the sign that said, "can you build an arch by yourself?  of
course not!!" and then went on to say some bullshit about teamwork.
haha.  The guy whose first day was today said, "good job!"</p>

<p>I've left now because the museum is closed.  Those who were at the
front desk are gone; I may never know who wrote the letter I never
found.</p>
