---
title: Applejack and Rowboat
tags: []
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2002-10-12
---

<p class=date>7:29pm EDT Saturday 12 October 2002</p>

<p>Mattboy and Joel just visited Kalamazoo on their way from Ann Arbor
to Chicago for a show for which they have been put on the guest list,
but don't know if they'll be able to get it since it's a 21+ club.</p>

<p>We chatted a bit, then played some disc out in the field while
Joana watched and studied art history of Greece.  Frisbee throwing
turned to fruit throwing since a tree had deposited plenty of its
fruits on the ground around it.  When Matt and Joel got into a
wrestling match, Joana hid the frisbees so we went across the street
and climbed up onto a wall that was fairly accessible.  We joked that
it was a psychology experiement.  That would be our excuse if anyone
got mad.</p>

<p>A security car (not white) went by and didn't see us because his
view of us was blocked by trees until he was basically right across
from us in the street.  hahahaha security car.</p>

<p>We were up there joking about ways to get down, including jumping
fantastic distances to the tree that would bend over and allow us to
jump to that wire and then down onto the car, etc etc.  Just as Joel
was ready to get down, some students came out of the building so I was
all, "wait; let's see if they see us."</p>

<p>They did.  The girl was all, "what are you doing up there?"</p>

<p>"Um, a psychology experiment," I told her.</p>

<p>"blahbhalabhab?"</p>

<p>I couldn't hear her.  "What?"</p>

<p>"And your professor approved this?  For you to be on the wall?
Cause you really shouldn't be up there."</p>

<p>"Um, not exactly approved."</p>

<p>"Then you need to get down."</p>

<p>"Okay."</p>

<p>We obliged, with Rowboat almost tumbling into the sidewalk down the
hill off the wall.  I couldn't tell if he was faking or not, since he
had joked about that possibility.</p>

<p>By the time we got fully down, she was long gone.  "Aw man, we
coulda stayed up there," joked Applejack.   Oh well.</p>

<p>Disc with Joana as well and then we sat a bit and traded Mitch
Hedberg jokes.  Matt and Joel know way more than me.</p>

<p>Rowboat was ready to go, so Applejack and I played the frisbee game
that I showed to Sean, but that we didn't really figure out rules to
it.  (Each player takes turns throwing, and tries to land his/her disc
on the other players disc.  Basically the throws will be closer and
closer together until they touch.  But they get too easy when it's
only 1 foot away, which is the problem Sean and I found.)  The perfect
rule is that when the discs get close to each other, the players have
to do tricky throws (e.g. behind the back, summersault, foot throws,
kicking, bounce off trees, hit with stick or fruit, etc etc).  This
made the game much more interesting and more like a New Game instead
of a competitive game.</p>

<p>Hugs to them and they are off to Chicago.  I will be leaving for
Chicago tomorrow.</p>
