---
title: Silence Hannibal
tags: []
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2002-10-12
---

<p class=date>3:23am EDT Sunday 13 October 2002</p>

<p>Tonight after visiting the Quad pub thing with Joana et. al., and
me being beaten by Floyd at pool, we visited Brent and Greg's room to
watch <em>Silence of the Lambs</em>.</p>

<p>Cool thing in the room is that the futon, made into a couch, was
sitting up on the arms of some wooden chairs, creating something like
stadium seating of couches to watch the movie.</p>

<p>Joana had never seen the <em>Silence of the Lambs</em>, but now she
has.  Once Brent and his posse arrived, 45 minutes into the movie, we
restarted it for them.  Brent and I laughed a lot and were impressed
with the coolness of Hannibal Lecter.</p>

<p>During <em>Silence</em>, pizza was ordered.  Caycee couldn't stand
the thought of eating nor even smelling the pizza.  Rest of us chowed
merrily.</p>

<p class=note>(If you don't like gross, don't read the rest)</p>

<p>After <em>Silence</em>, Joana left, and some of the rest of us
watched <em>Hannibal</em>.  I enjoyed the movie much more completely
this time, including laughing and being again impressed with Hannibal.
Stuff like placing Patsy's phone back into his jacket pocket before
hanging and disembowling him.  Also saying "good evening" to the
younger hired goon before slashing his throat.</p>

<p>This time the parts of the movie that gave me such fits when I
originally saw it seemed to go by much more quickly and easily.  I
didn't even pass out in that one scene where Mason cut his own face
off.  I watched when the pig ate his face off, and during the sauteed
brain scene.</p>

<p>How nice.</p>

<p>After the movie, we lifted down the futon while one of the girls
remained mostly sleeping on it.  And converted it from a couch to a
bed.  Then I left.</p>

<p>Good evening, and good night.</p>

