---
title: Anti-war
tags: 
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2002-10-13
---

<p class=date>10:11am EDT Sunday 13 October 2002</p>

<p>I had lots of anti-war dreams last night.  Stuff indicating that
Bush is a liar, and that going to war unilaterally would disrupt a
grander human cycle of life, and that it's just a bad idea, and other
stuff.</p>

<p>Argh.</p>

<p class=date>10:38am</p>

<p>There.  I've just written an email to Bush, letting him know I
don't approve of war, and that I've not found anyone along my trek who
does.</p>

<pre>
From: rob@robnugen.com
To:   President@whitehouse.gov
Subj: Please no war

President Bush

I am Rob Nugen, from Houston Texas.  In June I was layed off from my
computer job (not Enron) and decided to take a road trip around these
beautiful United States.

Everyone with whom I have spoken does not want us to go to war with
Iraq.  I've talked to people in Austin, Dallas, Norman OK, Oklahoma
City OK, Tulsa OK, Memphis TN, Barboursville WV, Columbus OH, Oberlin
OH, and now Kalamazoo MI.  I have not met a single person who wants us
to go to war.

My understanding from our media is that The CIA greatly believes that
unilateral war with Iraq would make the United States less safe, not
more safe.  Please trust their judgement.

I hope you are not trying to use this war just to get a second term in
office, or to distract United States citizens from our internal
problems of corrupt business and environmental decline.  I beg you to
think of the larger world view.

What is best for the world?  The utter supremacy of the United States?
So that we become *the* target of choice for every two-bit dictator
who wants to rule the world?

Please listen to our friends in the UN.  Please don't try to attack
Iraq in some display matching that of a bully in a playground.  Nobody
likes a bully.  The UN doesn't either.  Let's realign ourselves with
the UN's consensus of how to handle this world situation.  Then lots
more people in the world will like us and we'll have a lot more
allies, a wonderful asset in this world.

	Thank you
	- Rob

</pre>
