---
title: Leaving Kalamazoo
tags: 
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2002-10-13
---

<p class=date>4:02pm EDT Sunday 13 October 2002</p>

<p>So as I meditatively collected my stuff (I think I got it all this
time!) from Joana's, after laundry and good quality Rob Time, I chose
not to listen to the voice mail messages on my phone since I would
have plenty of time to listen while I was on the road.</p>

<p>Joana helped me bring my stuff out, and upon one more pass of her
dorm, I discovered I had forgotten my sleeping bag!  But I got it, and
she walked me out again and hugged and "bye."</p>

<p>- - - -</p>

<p>Listened to my voice mails and it was Carina, informing me that she
would not be able to host me at her apartment at this time.  She
seemed to be possibly crying, but not letting on to it.  Said
something about her boyfriend and her going to be down in Evansville,
6 hours away.</p>

<p>Wow.  So that was to be my next stop, where I planned to stay until
Wednesday when I met Steve in Chicago.  Steve and I specifically chose
6pm Wednesday night to meet so that he would be most available to say
HI and stuff.</p>

<p>Hmmm..</p>

<p>I have just gotten gas ($1.539/gallon) and am in their parking lot
to write this entry.  I'm choosing not to call upon Joana, who
certainly needs to get back to her life.  I'll call Steve and see if
he wants to just say HI this evening and then I can move on to
Bloomington IL tomorrow morning.  I might just go to Bloomington now.
(That's where Maggie and Molly's mom lives.)</p>

<p class=date>4:20pm</p>

<p>Aw fuck.  I also just realized that today I asked Barbie to snail
my clear plastic folder to Steve's house.  Fortunately today is Sunday
and she can't likely have mailed it already.  Blah.</p>

<p>I called Carina and she said she wasn't crying during that
message.  That's good to hear.  Okay. I'm going to call Steve now.
Actually Barbie first and then Steve.</p>

<p class=date>4:38pm</p>

<p>Okay.  I'm going to meet up with Steve today at the house where
he's house sitting.  I know the house seated person basically as well
as I know Steve (from chats online) and he's going to call her to
confirm that it's cool if I visit.  He's sure it will be.  I am
too.</p>

<p>It's quite Wende (oops)  windy today.  Scott wants to blow all over
the road it seems.  Probably should stop typing and driving with my
knee.</p>

<p>K.  bye.</p>

<p class=date>6:45pm</p>

<p>Not so many miles away from Chicago now - like 35 I think.  I just
stopped to P at McDonald's.  Didn't buy anything except gas next door
for $1.359 per gallon.</p>

<p>Been talking to Kristen for a while.  She said Katharine broke her
foot and has tired of people calling with cliches to help her feel
better.  I'll call and say something like, "well, you know what they
say, 'a broken foot in the hand is worth two in the bush,' or 'a
broken foot in time saves nine,' or something equally absurd.</p>

<p>2502 miles traveled since Dallas.</p>
