---
title: Leaving for Bloomington
tags: []
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2002-10-15
---

<p class=date>1:37pm CDT Tuesday 15 October 2002</p>

<p>I'm leaving now to visit Maggie and Molly's Mom in Bloomington.</p>

<p>Got a lot done on Kim's website.  I'm quite thankful for that!</p>

<p class=date>2:47pm</p>

<p>Am I a sucker?  Maybe.  Got hit from behind by a cab, and it bent
my bike wheel a bit and the disc brake a lot.  I can fix the wheel,
will likely have to get a new brake.  I asked for $50 and he gave me
$40, saying he didn't have more, and some shit about needing to buy
food and whatever.</p>

<p>I took a mental moment and then blessed his path.  $40 and he got
off easy with no ticket, etc.</p>

<p>2600 miles traveled.  It was in bumper to bumper traffic toward
dwntown Chicago so the hit wasn't very hard.<p></p>
</p>

<p>I'm smiling.  I've got a tough fucking bike.</p>

<p class=date>3:38pm</p>

<p>2625 miles traveled.  I just got gas for $1.579 per gallon.  I'm
feeling pretty good on my trek now.  Far better than last night.</p>

<p>Scott is at 145999 miles now.</p>

<p class=date>4:05pm</p>

<p>I'm thankful to not be in the wreck apparently up ahead of me on 55
near 80.  I'm at 646.4 miles on trip meter now.   Two ambulances and
two police type cars have gone past us.</p>

<p>Big fire engine just went by.</p>

<p class=date>4:09pm</p>

<p>Another big fire engine just went by.  I'm at 646.6 miles.</p>

<p class=date>4:10pm</p>

<p>One lane getting by.  One car in ditch, pretty fucked up, but still
upright.  646.9 miles and back underway.</p>

<p class=date>5:01pm</p>

<p>I can inconsistently almost rap all of "my dad's gone crazy" by
Eminem.</p>

<p>2698.3 miles traveled since Dallas.</p>

<p class=date>5:18pm</p>

<p>I don't know my mileage, but I know I'm at a rest area where I just
paid $0.75 to get 2 packages of Reeses Peanutbutter Cups because the
last person's cups didn't fall from the vending machine.  I tried
banging on it a bit, but they didn't fall, so I figured it was worth
$0.75 to get two.</p>

<p>I've just bounced/jumped/swung/etc (dangerously considering I was
carrying my laptop with one hand) across the playground here, with
chipped tires that make a relatively bouncy landing surface for the
ground.</p>

<p>Okay, I'm going to walk over a bridge behind this area and see if
it's interesting back there.</p>

<p>- - - -</p>

<p>It looks pretty, with a trail winding through sparse trees, but
it's a bit nippy outside and I'm still in t-shirt and shorts from
today (and yesterday; no shower), so I'm going to roll on.</p>

<p class=date>6:01pm</p>

<p>Oh my god.  If I could take a picture of <em>one</em> (1) one thing
so far, it would be this streetsign:  RAAB.</p>

<p>Special thanks to kT for giving me that name.</p>

<p>I'm on 51 business now, rolling into Bloomington.  Maybe I can get
a pic since I know people who live near here.</p>
