---
title: bike repair
tags: []
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2002-10-16
---

<p class=date>8:43pm CDT Wednesday 16 October 2002</p>

<p>I took my bike's wheel to the bike shop; asked them to just unbend
it; I can replace the rotor. Visited Kinko's to work more on Kim's
website while they worked on the wheel.  Emailed M&M to get M&M's
Mom's phone number to give to Kinko's so they could call when the
repair was finished.</p>

<p>Still working on the website at 6:30pm, I knew the bike shop closed
at 7pm, so I called them, verified it was complete, went over to pick
up the wheel and the rotor.</p>

<p>Chatted a bit about bikes and Japan (told them an overview of my
adventure) and paid $85 for truing the wheel and the rotor.</p>

<p>Got back to M&M's Mom's house and the door was locked.  She thought
I had left.  What's worse: she had gotten a call from the bike shop
saying the bike was ready and cost $15, and since I had been gone so
long, she thought I skipped town with the $ she loaned me for the
wheel plus rotor (more than $15).</p>

<p>I was like <em>oh shit</em> in my mind cause of course I wouldn't
skip town on M&M's Mom; I have too much history with Maggie and Molly
to dis her like that.  She asked to see the receipt, but it was
written in light ink and small print so she couldn't read it.  I paid
her back the difference between what she had given me and the actual
cost of $85.</p>

<p>But now I'm in a weird space cause I also got $40 from that cabbie,
so I'm thinking I should give that to Mom, but *also*, my wheel is
still not truly fixed; it's still bent some and will cost like $65 to
replace, but *also* it's still round enough to roll and I'm not going
to fix it until it's way further gone than now.</p>

<p>I don't want to try to explain all that to Mom because I think it
will make me look like I'm trying to over-justify myself and
over-explain and not really be worth it.</p>

<p>Pooh.  Money is so stupid.</p>

<p>I will pay her the remainder when I have a job in Japan.</p>
