---
title: Dream
tags: [ "dream" ]
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2002-10-16
---

<p class=date>8:15am CDT Wednesday 16 October 2002</p>

<p class=note>(most extensive dream ever)</p>

<! p class=dream I took a risk and told Sally how much I love her,
while we> <p class=dream>Sally and I
were hanging out at some small city that I've never previously been.
We were in her old neighbohood, inside a cafe type thing, with lots of
other students, all friends.  Sally was eating some toast from
another's plate and after a while I reached over to get some eggs off
this plate that had apparently been abandoned, and she was all, "oh!
no, those are his; he still wants the eggs, just not the toast."</p>

<!p class=dream She told me that she likes affection and kisses and
cuddling, and sitting on lap hugging, and that I can show her
affection that way.>

<p class=dream>We were in an old garage looking for something, as
there was some common enemy, looming in the near future, the possible
end of the world via aliens or something.</p>

<p class=dream>In this garage were lots of small parts and tools like
an auto garage, with rags and grease and half started and half
finished projects all over the place.</p>

<p class=dream>We came across an object that looked like a long sharp
tusk with some buldges down in its length.  This turned out to be a
mysterious otherworldly object,, a portal to a whole 'nother univere
at its very tip.  For if one were to look down at the very tip of this
tusk, there would appear an intricate city of infinite expanse all
within this tiny point. Any different angle one viewed the tusk tip
would bring into view a different portion of this universe, each of
which seemed to never end.  As if all the points of view from that
other universe were focused onto this tiny point.</p>

<p class=dream>Scientists on our side did not undersand this
phenomenon, and generally feared it, and feared for the safety of
humans who studied it too carefully, thinking they might be
assimilated or fall into this other universe somehow.</p>

<p class=dream>Though this universe in a point was outside in a dense
jungle, and surrounded as if guarded by an intense cloud of
mosquitoes, thousands of human visitors flocked to it, just to get a
glimpse of this magical phenomenon.</p>

<p class=dream>Fred pulled out some super mosquito spray, and I was
all, "why would you think necessarily that their mosquitoes would be
affected by our mosquito spray?"</p>

<p class=dream>"I can't know for sure, bit it's possibly better than
nothing."</p>

<p class=dream>As our group walked across the mall parking lot toward
this forest with the mystery point, Fred doused himself in mosquito
spray, and hardly noticed that others might need it as well.  As we
crossed paths with a japanese girl she said, "you'll need more than
that."</p>

<p class=dream>"More than that what?" I asked, wondering if she was
talkng about the mosquitoes.</p>

<p class=dream>"The mosquitoes back there are amazing.  You will each
need that much spray, and even that might not be enough."</p>

<p class=dream>Wow.</p>

<p>I woke up.</p>
