---
title: bye bloomington
tags: []
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2002-10-17
---

<p class=date>12:44pm CDT Thursday 17 October 2002</p>

<p>Funny lyrics from song on the radio:</p>

<pre>
Scary like the bowels of hell
<em>BOO!</em>
Enough to make a black ghost turn pale..</pre>

<p class=date>1:36pm</p>

<p>I'm now on 55 south.  2770 miles total since Dallas.  152 miles to
go to St Louis.</p>

<p>Just saw a big monstrosity of a tank (like a huge medicine capsule,
not a military vehicle) being moved on a truck and trailers with a
buncha wheels like this:</p>

<pre>
         ______________________________________
   __   /                                      \
 _|  | |                                        |
|____|__\______________________________________/
 O    OOO   OOO            OO   OO        OOO

</pre>

<p>For an apparent total of 54 wheels.</p>

<p class=date>2:24pm</p>

<p>Stopped in a rest area now.  Been listening to a radio station with
nearly as much variety as KTRU, but they are playing popular songs
instead of unheard of songs.  I haven't heard any commercials in about
30 minutes, not even a station identification.  When I heard the DJs
(at the top of the hour?) they were as unprofessional as we were at
KTRU.  I wonder from where they are broadcasting.</p>

<p class=date>3:07pm</p>

<p>72 miles to St Louis.  2856 miles since Dallas.  I've been thinking
it would be really awesome to take a bicycle trip across the US.  I
have had hints of thoughts in my brain about doing that instead of
going to Japan.  Haven't decided if those hints are based more on fear
about going to Japan, or awesomeness about a bicycle trek.  Hmmmm.</p>

<p class=date>3:42pm</p>

<p>I just heard Abdominal with "Ill Culinary Behavior" which included
the line "Mr Dobalina Mr Bob Dobalina" (sp), which has been Phat Pat's
Silent Football name several times.  Wow!</p>

<p class=date>3:54pm</p>

<p>88.1fm in St Louis rules.  That's what I've been listening to.
Lots of heavy rap and some old Run-DMC ("Son of Byford" and "I'm Proud
to be Black" from Raising Hell) and lots of others that I don't
recognize.  Kris Kross "Jump" now.</p>

<p class=date>3:55pm</p>

<p>KDXH I think the DJ said.  This was the old school show, but it had
a cooler name that I didn't catch really.   KDHX</p>

<p>Oh man.  this song isn't hip hop at all.</p>

<p class=date>4:22pm</p>

<p>St Louis Arch is pretty cool.  Tall shiny triangular, overlooking
the river, saying HI to Illinois.</p>

<p class=date>4:32pm</p>

<p>At a gas station now getting gas for $1.499 per gallon.  Bargain
basement prices compared to Chicago!</p>

<p>95.5fm is my new favorite in St Louis.</p>

<p class=date>5:33pm</p>

<p>Basically just got out of St Louis traffic.  2969 miles since
Dallas.  20 miles to the next rest area.  Exit for Wentzville and
Hannibal 1 mile.</p>

<p class=date>5:48pm</p>

<p>2983 miles since Dallas.  I'm at the first rest area on 70 between
St Louis and Columbia.  Sun is about to be right in my eyeballs while
driving.</p>

<p class=date>6:07pm</p>

<p>Still at the same rest area.  I saw another first for me: automatic
sinks for a total washing experience.  Just put your hands into this
hole in the wall and first it automatically squirts soap out from the
back, then a stream of water a bit closer up to wash off, and then an
automatic air vent to dry the hands.  I had never previously seen an
automatic soap dispenser, and definitely had not seen a three way
combination platter like this.</p>

<p>The timing was a bit off for me.  I would enjoy more time to scrub
before the water comes on, and then a tad more water to rinse off.
The vent part was fine though.</p>

<p>Chillin' outside here at a table with a bit of something sticky on
it and some chow presumably for a small dog or big cat on the ground
beneath the table.  Birds twittering in a nearby tree, and most of the
trees around me are some shade of not green.  No firey reds or golden
yellows, but they're working on it.  Weather is mostly clear or thin
overcast and about 45 degrees with a slight wind toward the west.  I
can see the 3/4 moon looking over toward the east, and the sun is
basically set in the west.  Time to roll on.</p>

<p>70 some odd miles to Columbia I think.  I wonder where I will sleep
tonight.</p>

<p class=date>6:29pm</p>

<p>I'm actually pretty excited about seeing my old neighborhood.  What
will it be like?  I haven't seen it in 24 years.  M&M Mom has lived in
her house for longer than that so it's conceivable that some peeps
still would remember me in the neighborhood.  But *I* only remember
two neighbors that I haven't heard died since I've been there: Norma
Spencer who lived across the street with her daughter Carolyn who was
a bit younger than me I think, and a girl named Sydney who lived next
door to our left, oh and Billy who lived next door to our right.
Sydney and Billy were a bit older than me.  We shall see.  Less than
one our.</p>

<p>Passing a sign for Jonesburg now.  A Jonesboro cousin maybe.</p>
