---
title: columbia missouri
tags: []
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2002-10-17
---

<p class=date>7:32pm CDT Thursday 17 October 2002</p>

<p>Okay, I'm in Columbia.  In a parking lot near a big street, which
is within a few streets of my street.</p>

<p class=date>7:36pm</p>

<p>Oh my god the fuckin' store is still there.. that's the drugstore
within 8-year-old walking distance of my house.  Now I've pulled onto
my street and it's so fucking small!  Is this my house?  I'm parked on
the street okay.. wow not even a fucking line down the center of the
street.  The most incredible thing will be if I can find a zipper in
the asphalt that I put here a long long ass time ago.</p>

<p class=date>8:30pm</p>

<p>Wow.</p>

<p class=date>8:54pm</p>

<p>I am exploding with overwhelming feelings of love and memories long
long forgotten and memories remembered and blessings of a couch and
pizza by Norma who has lived across the street since the beginning of
Time.</p>

<p>I first went to my old house and with trepedation, knocked on the
door, figuring that it was my God given right to knock on the door of
my childhood home.  The house is so small!  Is this the right house?
It must be.  It's dark so I couldn't see the street address.</p>

<p>Knocked on the door; tall kid looked through the window to see who
it was.  I don't know what I said when he asked who it was, but when
he opened the door I was all, "is this ________?" and gave the
address.</p>

<p>"Yes."</p>

<p>"I used to live here 24 years ago."</p>

<p>He looked back into the dining room, ".... he used to live here..."
then turned back to me, "is your name Nugen?"</p>

<p>"Yeah, Rob Nugen.  Oh my gosh may I come in?"</p>

<p>The mom that bought the house back in the day still lives there.
She had 1 (one) kid (age 3) when she moved there in June 1978, and now
has four kids.  We traded stories a bit, including her wondering about
when rooms were added to the house (I have no idea, but I remember
helping remodel the kitchen, if by help I mean I sat inside the bottom
cabinet and read a book about the Puritans while my dad worked), and
me wondering if the apple tree was still in the back, and if the
concrete slab was still in the basement (with my name and handprints
on it).  She wasn't sure about either question (c'mon, either there's
an apple tree in your backyard or there isn't, but I can forgive her
not noticing a small handprint in the concrete in a dark basement)</p>

<p>I wanted to stay overnight in the neighborhood, but I didn't really
want to stay there because it was a quite smokey environment, but when
I left to go across the street to see if Norma was still awake (I was
informed she still lived there!), I said I might come back tomorrow or
tonight or I have no idea....</p>

<p class=date>9:05pm</p>

<p>So now I'm in Columbia, in the house across the street from my
home; my home away from home back in the day.  The street is only 5
paces wide, and the houses are so close together!  So small and so
close; I can hardly drive an inch without going past them all.</p>

<p>- - - -</p>

<p>I walked across the street, knocked on the door.  A woman answered
by opening the door and peering out.</p>

<p>"Norma ________?"</p>

<p>"Yes?"</p>

<p>"I'm Robert Nugen."</p>

<p>"What?"  She's apparently hard of hearing.</p>

<p>"I'M ROBert NUgen!"</p>

<p>"Oh my Lord," and she gave me a hug and whisked me inside.</p>

<p>This blessing is so fantastic.  I cannot have asked for better
situation arriving here.  I have just been given two pizza slices to
eat and a couch for sleep.  And Carolyn's address where she lives now
in Oregon (!!  so I can go see her when I see Dude!!) and it's all
just uber fantastic.</p>

<p>Things I didn't remember that I remember:
<ul>
<li>The wall hanging tapestry of The Last Supper that hangs in the
dining room.  It's about 6 x 8 feet</li>
<li>The lock on the inside of the front door.  It's like a chain lock
that will let the door open a bit, but not all the way, however the
chain is on a spring thing that winds it up when not in use.</li>
<li>they have a basement with door near the kitchen</li>
</ul>

<p>Only question mark in my head is what the two girls (age 28 or so)
who live here will think when they wake up in the AM to go to work.
We'll find out in the AM, eh?</p>

