---
title: Dreams
tags: [ "dream" ]
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2002-10-17
---

<p class=date>1:39am CDT Thursday 17 October 2002</p>

<p class=note>(dreams)</p>

<p class=dream>Up in a tree I was on the phone with a friend of my
ex-DJ partner, Donna who changed her shift from 7 to 10pm to 10 to
1am, but still did the 7 to 10 shift at times.  I was standing way up
in the trunk of this tree talking KTRU gossip with these people on the
phone, and trying not to fall down out of the tree as I kept slowly
rocking back and forth looking at the schedule of DJs written on the
trunk of the tree written really small, like printed right on the
bark.</p>

<p class=dream>I climbed down and said bye to them and began walking
along this beach with Matt on the west coast, actually on the beach,
walking with Mattboy, looking down at the sand and marveling how there
could be ant holes down into the sand, and these were ants from
Saharah Desert, but this beach was so exotic that we got to see them
on our collective adventure.</p>

<p class=dream>"I'm so glad to connect with you guys on your
adventure," I told him.  "If you hadn't come to California to see
Abbey then I wouldn't have and I wouldn't have gotten to see this
incredibly cool beach."</p>

<p class=dream>"Yeah, these ants are pretty awesome" said Matt, as we
started walking into thicker jungle.</p>

<p class=dream>We started walking up a hill of sorts, full of branches
and brambles and leaves. In this jungle area, like a pine tree jungle
with the forest dense all around us as we climbed up this hill.</p>

<p class=dream>We marveled that there could be so much stuff and
wildlife in one area and then started to see we had climbed up onto a
refuse pile of branches and leaves and pine needles and such, as we
started to lose our footing and step through branches and end up up to
our knees in this pile of discarded clippings.</p>

<p class=dream>The pile started to give way and Matt and I were
tumbling down it, I was worried about ending up broken or crushed
beneath this gargantuan pile of branches, but we just kept tumbling
down, always somehow staying on top of the pile, or within eyes view
of the top.  Mattboy was falling above me in the pile, like directly
above me and we were laughin at the craziness of this adventure and
sorta self directing the fall as we just rode this tumbling pile of
branches all the way to the ground.  There were some barrel type
things that we could ride in, which were far too big for us to use
like shoes as the large giant inhabitants of this island preferred to
do.</p>

<p class=dream>Matt and I were tumbling down and discovered these
barrels and we were kinda inside the barrels and sorta able to steer
them down and not get too terribly poked and stabbed by pine needles
and branches on the way down.  Or get crushed at the bottom.</p>

<p class=dream>So we made it down and were all exhilirated by our
tumble and adventure in general and kept walking out of the forest and
discovered we were in a race track for the large island
inhabitants.</p>

<p class=dream>I hoped that we hadn't messed up the track too much for
them, as we walked out of the gate of the fence surrounding the
track.</p>

<p class=date>1:55am</p>

<p>---------</p>

<p class=date>3:15am</p>

<p class=dream>Flopping around in bed with some of my friends like at
a slumber party, we were chatting randomly and I wondered with
wondered if kine means false in Japanese.</p>

<p class=dream>I was all, "stupdid stupid 2 o'clock in the morning, I
have to wait forever before I can play outside" while I was putting
shorts on then I walked over toward the other room to see if my
japanese instructor happened to be awake.  Her daughter was there
(Hannah from Memphis) and I asked her if her mom was awake.</p>

<p class=dream>"No, she's on a date with her boyfriend."</p>

<p class=dream>Then the actor from Dirty Dancing and Tango and Cash
walked in and asked the same question</p>

<p class=note>(the dream had been with me in first person now changed
to me watching)</p>

<p class=dream>He asked the sme question, and then Hannah was all,
"no, and her boyfriend could kick your ass in his sleep."</p>

<p class=dream>Guy said, "that's easy, I have 3 broken ribs and I need
to go you know what!"</p>

<p class=dream>So the next scene in this movie showed a close up of
tomato juice being poured out of a water house around a glass
cylinder.  Guy was breathing through the glass tube and the tomato
juice was being poured directly into his stomach too help loosen him
up a bit.</p>

<p class=dream>In this movie, the next scene showed a full view like
an X-ray view except it was in full color (a la <em>XXX</em>) and we
could see that the tomato juice had only been actually poured into his
stomach like a single ounce worth.  the water hose scene was just for
effect.</p>

<p class=dream>Next scene showed him as a news anchor, very seriously
relaying the news and then suddenly having to get up, with the
implication being that in about 2 seconds he would have to get up to
use the restroom.  The scene cut with him getting up during the news
suddenly and saying "excuse me.."</p>

<p class=date>3:26am</p>

<p>-----------</p>

<p class=date>???am</p>

<p class=dream>Driving along a highway that spiraled down slowly where
I needed to exit, but the exit ramp was blocked.  Cops were watching
to see that no one went down the exit, but I recognized I was dreaming
and jumped out of my car and ran along the exit and then jumped off
where the concrete ended abruptly in the air.</p>

<p class=dream>I flew well above the circular spiral of a highway and
looked for a way to fly down to the bottom where I needed to go.  The
spiral was so tight that the center of the spiral was only about 2
feet wide, and might be difficult for me to make it through.</p>

<p class=dream>I recognized that I could just punch through the
concrete with my feet, like just fly straight down to it in a standing
position so I did that and punched through a few levels of the
concrete spiral, then shifted toward the center of the spiral so it
was easier to just fly through it.</p>

<p>-----------</p>

<p class=date>6:42am</p>

<p class=dream>Hosting a party at my house, which was like multiple
rooms all connected in a line moreso than in a square.  Fred was on a
different schedule than me; he and his friends had been playing on the
computers, but now had gone off to eat somewhere even though I usually
went with them, but it was cool; I had other stuff to do.</p>

<p class=dream>One room was empty, and then I walked into the next
room and all these people from school (Maggie, Molly, Danielle,
Marcel, Kayse) with a bunch of other people were all chillin' and
talking about random whatevers all over the place.  I greeted
different people and thanked them for coming, and Danielle smiled and
turned her back toward me in a "you could give me a back massage if
you want" type of way.</p>

<p class=dream>I massaged her back some, but couldn't really do a good
job because she kept talking and laughing and tensing up her muscles,
so I quit and then she looked down at her leg and a spider had just
bitten her leg!</p>

<p class=dream>She was all "yeow!" and I brushed the spider off and it
ran over to some guy I didn't know, who was studying from a thick
textbook and the spider climbed onto his clean fuzzy light beige
boots.  I got a napkin and killed it so that we could identify it.</p>

<p class=dream>The spider was the shape of a daddy longlegs, but its
body was light green with about twenty tiny blue spots on it.  My dad
didn't think I could find any information on it, but I went over to
the computer and clicked on the first web browser that I saw (happened
to be Explorer) and he was all, "why'd you use Explorer?  Netscape is
better.."</p>

<p class=dream>"Because I'm in a hurry and any ol fuckin' web browser
will be fine to do a search on google."</p>

<p class=dream>The machine was being slow, so I clicked Alt-N to open
a new window (that's what it is on Macs), but it rebooted the
machine.  Doh!</p>

<p class=dream>So we went out of the loud room and into the quiet room
and got onto that computer, but someone had changed all the fonts so
each letter looked like a little marble (3-D and everything) on the
screen, with each different letter showing a different marble with a
different design, that (to me) looked nothing like the letter it
apparently represented.</p>

<p class=dream>I moved the mouse cursor to what looked like an image
of a lake where googles search box is ususally located, and typed the
marbles into the lake, where they floated around and performed the
search.</p>

<p class=dream>The whole concept was surprising to me and I woke up.</p>

<p>--------</p>

<p class=date>8:38am</p>

<p class=dream>Looking in the back of Scott as I was ready to leave,
lots of laundry in there.</p>


