---
title: A camera
tags: []
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2002-10-18
---

<p class=date>9:22pm CDT Thursday 17 October 2002</p>

<p>Getting ready for dream capturing tonight.</p>

<p class=date>5:54am CDT Friday 18 October 2002</p>

<p>I seem to be done sleeping.  I had a dream about being in
California, though I don't remember who else was there.</p>

<p>In a different dream, I was in this neighborhood in Columbia, and
had carte blanche  for everything I wanted.  Becky from WV was funding
everything.  Sh kept saying "it doesn't matter" when I told her how
much stuff would cost.</p>

<p>- - - -</p>

<p>I'm suddenly thinking a lot about my missing camera.  How would
this trip have been different if I had a camera?  When I take
pictures, it's usually of things or signs or people that I meet, and
rarely pictures that include me, for that would mean letting someone
else work the camera, plus something else like me being egotistical
"oh take a picture of me! *I'm* the star; take a cpicture of me" and I
think that's coming from the time I went to Costa Rica with Katherine
(sp) and she got mad at me because I kept asking her to take pictures
of me whereever we went.  "It's all about you.." or some shit like
that.</p>

<p>Well, I hereby release that false concern and will take as many
pictures of me and my peeps as I want.  From now on.  soon as I get my
camera back.</p>

<p>It's at Best Buy, or maybe they have finished the work and sent it
to Bibby's house.  But I haven't heard from them that it's there.  How
strange to have gone on this entire adventure and not have a single
picutre, except those in my mind.</p>

<p>I don't even think anyone else has taken a picture that includes
me, except for security cameras in stores and such.  That could prove
that I've been places.</p>

<p>- - - -</p>

<p>This non-camera-having adventure has given me an opportunity to
practice descriptive writing, and has saved me from spending a lot
more time on my computer processing images.  Somewhere between these
two extremes (SWUUSI and this trek) is a balance of sorts.  It
includes better software than iPhoto, and a better layout on my
website for pictures.</p>

<p>I will likely purchase a disposable camera from the drugstore down
the street so I can get pics of at least my old neighborhood.</p>

<p>I think I will go for a walk to those places I remember walking to.
Drugstore, the creek (drainage ditch), around the block.  How far away
are these places really?</p>

