---
title: Dream
tags: [ "dream" ]
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2002-10-18
---

<p class=date>6:19am CDT Friday 18 October 2002</p>

<p>Okay, so I woke up to this most recent dream:</p>

<p class=dream>I found myself outside of this (Norma's) house, and
walking past my old house.  Did they add on that garage?  Hmmm.  What
about that wall there?  I tried to visualize myself at 8 years old,
playing in these locations.  These were added onto the right hand side
of the house, as viewed from the street.  The house looked so small.
I was surprised by how quickly I walked past it and the other
houses.</p>

<p class=dream>I turned back around and noticed how I seemed to be out
of body; I could just let myself float anywhere I wanted to go; allow
my 8-year-old's mind just lead the way.</p>

<p class=dream>He looked up and I noticed my car was gone; I saw it
being driven toward the back of my old house, so I walked after it and
discovered that all the cars that had been parked in front of the
street there had been targeted.</p>

<p class=dream>I walked back there all mad at first, "hey! blah blah
blah" and then I immediately apologized and said, "I have a fantastic
story to tell you, and it's all true," to the guy who seemed to be the
boss of this operation.</p>

<p class=dream>Next to him were two Mexican cats and they looked quite
interested in my story so I asked "hablan ingles?" of them, and added
"muy bien o un poco?"</p>

<p class=dream>"Un poco," they smiled.</p>

<p class=dream>Ah well, so I didn't try to translate it for them; I
don't think I know that much spanish, even in my dreams.</p>

<p class=dream>"See that house there?"  We were behind it and couldn't
actually see it, but he knew where I was pointing.  "I used to live
there 24 years ago."</p>

<p class=dream>His stern look melted away.  "Really?"</p>

<p class=dream>"Yep, and I have just been talking to Norma and to
Jill, and they all said it was fine for me to park on the
street.."</p>

<p class=dream>"Well, this is the minimum I can charge you" and the
ticket had been crossed off from $80 to $30 to $3.00.  I thought about
asking him to just skip the whole thing, but I realized it as a dream
and that when we woke up, I would still have all my own money
back.</p>

<p class=dream>Hahah joke's on him!  I paid him three bucks and woke
up.</p>
