---
title: Neighborhood
tags: []
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2002-10-18
---

<p class=date>9:40am CDT Friday 18 October 2002</p>

<p>I'm going to go for a walk around the neighborhood now and see what
else I can see/do/remember.</p>

<p class=date>9:55am</p>

<p>This walk would be the perfect time for a dictation recorder, as
suggested by Steve, who I met as part of the production crew for Dirty
Third II.</p>

<p>I'm sitting at the top of the hill down which Fred and I would sled
in the snowy winters (me on the sled and him on my back).  The hill is
so not tall that I said, "oh.. my.. god..." at how not tall it is.  I
mean it's probably 200 feet long and drops in elevation about 40 feet
(about the height of one snowman), but it's not the precipice (sp) one
might see in Calvin and Hobbes, as it was back in the day.  Okay, not
scary back in the day, but worthy of sledding down multiple times.</p>

<p>I'm going to walk down to the creek now.</p>

<p>Oh, for the record, the tree under which I am sitting has firey red
leaves on the tips of its branches.  The rest of the leaves are still
green.</p>

<p class=date>10:06am</p>

<p>The creek, however, is just the right size, shape, and depth.  I
can see evidence of its flood levels consistent with my memory of that
rainy flooded (non) schoolday.  This is just right.</p>

<p>- - - -</p>

<p>Woah.  This lake was not here.  I walked upstream and past Broadway
it's a lake instead of whatever it was.  Not a lake, but a creek going
through the middle of nothing.</p>

<p class=date>10:58am</p>

<p>I'm walking around the block now, and have discovered a house for
sale that was built in 1960 according to the literature.  I remembered
the two ex-deadends on the block (they were originally circles at the
end of the street, but now the street goes through).  But I'm writing
because I have just witnessed history in the making with a guy laying
bricks on his home just at the corner of Crestland and Stewart.  At
the top of the T intersection.  Fourteen bricks are layed so far.</p>

<p class=date>11:26am</p>

<p>Have just spoken with Brenda at D&H, the drugstore I remember so
well.  Well, maybe not so well, but well enough to know that the door
used to be on the east side of the building instead of the south, and
that the front counter was just to the left as one walked in.  (The
counter is on the left of the entrance again, but since the entrance
moved, the counter moved.)</p>

<p>She seemed really fascinated with my story and encouraged me to
write to the Tribune about my experiences re-visiting the place.  I
wonder if I'll do that.  Super thanks to Brenda for being so
supportive and blessing my adventure.</p>

<p>She gave me a phone book to look up Ridgeway Elementary, where I
used to attend school.  Gave me directions to it as well.</p>

<p>I'm going to walk there, oh and I want to walk to see if Noel's is
still there.  I'm guessing I'm spelling that name incorrectly.</p>

<p class=date>11:39am</p>

<p>Walking down West Boulevard now, and I remember these houses that I
found so mysterious back in the day, for they have no walkway between
their doors and the sidewalk.  They are The Village Apartments, and
these doors are the <em>back</em> doors; the parking lot and front
doors are on the other side.  Mystery solved!</p>

<p class=date>11:45am</p>

<p>I talked with peeps at the front desk of the elementary school on
West Blvd, and asked if they had heard of Busy Bee preschool, cause
that's where I went to preschool.  It's not listed in the phone
book.</p>

<p>Ah well, some things were bound to change. ;-)  I wonder if Noel's
is still there.</p>
