---
title: Ridgeway
tags: 
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2002-10-18
---

<p class=date>1:12pm CDT Friday 18 October 2002</p>

<p>Wow.  Guess, just guess who is the Principal of the school???  Mrs
Fales!  Sorry for all the years of misspelling your name in my mind.</p>

<p>She gave me a tour of the building, which looks remarkably the same
as it did back in the day.  The huge tree is missing from the
playground, and there is a small parking lot where there used to be
part of the playground, but the rest is the same.</p>

<p>Walking up the steps to the rooms in which I had 1st and 2nd grade
just blew me away.  Just the same.  Water fountains in the same place.
"That was the room where you were, and that was Mrs Schupp's room!"
(more misspellings in my mind) Just like I had left them all those
years ago.  How beautiful.</p>

<p>Mrs Fales showed me the library (not quite the same configuration
as I remember it) and where the music room is located (it was locked),
and the language lab (room had moved, but it was still downstairs)
where I had learned how to count to 12 in German, plus <em>guten
morgen</em> and <em>guten nacht</em> and some others that I didn't
learn well enough to remember now.</p>

<p>The cafeteria is in the same place but is <em>so small!</em> The
running joke for returning students: "we shrunk it while you were
gone."</p>

<p>Once I saw it, I remembered that the principal's office has a
window overlooking the cafeteria.  The lunch line is in the same place
but shorter than it used to be (lunches were 45 cents per day), and
the stage is in the same place.  Up on that stage we had a
presentation thing where we did penny drops off a highbar ("highbar
being a gymnastic term, not necessarily describing the height of the
bar") and a cake walk.</p>

<p>Mrs Fales reminded me of Mr Logan, the well-dressed playground
supervisor, who is still here and still well-dressed.  I haven't
gotten to see him today though.</p>

<p>I told her about the time we saw the Goodyear Blimp during recess
and crossed The Big Yellow Line, across which we were not allowed.
Had to sit out the rest of that recess in Mrs Schupp's room.</p>

<p>Mrs Schupp is teaching down somewhere else; I've forgotten what Mrs
Fales said, but they remain occasional contact.</p>

<p class=date>1:35pm</p>

<p>Some kid has just gotten in trouble and sent down to the
principal's office.  He's sitting silently in the seat next to me.</p>

<p>I'm about to roll out of here once Mrs Fales is done meeting with
whomever she converses now and I learn what is Ridgeway's website.</p>

<p><a href="http://www.columbia.k12.mo.us/rwe/">Ridgeway</a></p>
