---
title: Bye Columbia
tags: []
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2002-10-19
---

<p class=date>10:24am CDT Saturday 19 October 2002</p>

<p>In my mind is my own rave music.  I just bought buy 1 get one free
tall thin boxes of crackers that I twisted around like glo sticks in
my own little rave while in line at OscoDrug here in Columbia.</p>

<p>3068.15 miles since Dallas.  146441 miles total under Scott's
belt(s).</p>

<p>Leaving for Springfield now.</p>

<p class=date>1:04pm</p>

<p>I'm well on my way to Springfield, and pulled off where I saw gas
for 99 cents per gallon!  But the station is closed, apparently out of
business.  I wonder why..</p>

<p>I just realized that I don't know where in Springfield is a
Kinko's.  I had looked it up at Kinko's in Columbia, but my browser
crashed last night while I had a bunch of windows open reading
articles via <a href="http://news.google.com">news.google.com</a> and
accidentally clicked on something and the browser died after it
couldn't connect or something silly.  Anyway, the point is I will
actually have to <em>ask</em> someone where I can find a kinko's so I
can get in touch with Amelia to get directions to her crib.  It's all
good.</p>

<p>Oh, 3202.1 miles traveled since Dallas, and I'm in Buffalo,
Missouri, listening to 96.5fm broadcasting from Springfield.</p>

<p class=date>1:49pm</p>

<p>3235.5 miles traveled.  Just spent a lot of the last 30 minutes
talking with Marcel (!!!) and hearing all the recent awesome stories
of kids' growth (Adrien understanding Lego transmissions, Lori
noticing his haircut after no one at the office did, Brittney (sp?)
growing her vocabulary by the day)..  we were about to hang up and
then took a five minute discussion of world politics and such.  I'm
enjoying having been reading up on news stuff.</p>

<p>I'm parked now at a gas station where gas is ... $1.429 per
gallon.  I'm going to ask if they know where a Kinko's is.</p>
