---
title: Bowling for Columbine
tags: 
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2002-10-20
---

<b>Bowling for Columbine</b>

Full Price Feature

Number one - with a bullet!  If you don't know, this is Michael 
Moore's latest documentary, this time about the culture of violence 
in America, especially as per gun killing.  Some terrifying 
statistics are reported in this film; I wish I could have recorded it 
to a hard disc in my head to give myself facts on hand for future 
discussion.  It is not a personal paean of self-aggrandizement as 
some have suspected; C-Span has conditioned us to expect nothing but 
that.

Regardless whether you agree with his message or not, Moore's gifts 
as a filmmaker cannot be denied.  His editing and contrasting of 
footage and audio tell a greater story than the individual bytes 
being parsed.  Shrewd editing wrings the most content from his quiet, 
laissez-faire interview style. Moore lets them do all the talking - 
it seems as though he must be leading their answers because, well, 
how can people be so foolish as to spout off in a way that so clearly 
illustrates how dangerous/wrong/deceptive they are?  People do.

He manages to infuse this carnival of horrors with enough humor 
laughter obscured dialogue.  The laughter in my audience was from 
their delight, watching his subjects shoot themselves in the foot, as 
it were.  He asks the right questions, and they are questions that 
need asking, need asking in a public forum, and the very absence of 
coherent answers is chilling enough.  His regular guy manner and 
Hollywood influence get him meetings with barflies and movie stars, 
for great juxtaposition.

I know many of us feel the same way about our society but have been 
unable to verbalize it.  It may be too simplistic to say that our 
culture is the way it is due to one thing or another; no doubt it is 
a complex web of many things.  But few have addressed this angle of 
the issue, and it needs addressing. If it is one-sided, it is 
certainly the side we don't see, unless we listen between the lines 
on NPR or hang out with Noam Chomsky.

Why is our gun murder rate 100-300 times greater than in any other 
country in the world?  Why are we so quick to send troops, deploy 
ships, whip out a shotgun and yell "Get off my lawn?" We can shoot 
each other because we are completely detached from a sense of 
community, interrelation, interdependence.  Other industrialized (not 
just Western) countries enjoy the same supposedly inappropriate 
stimulus as us, have guns, have corrupt leaders, have "mixed 
ethnicities" in their cities, what is the difference?

It is attitudes, fear, misinformation, a self-centered, consumer 
culture.  We've heard this, as an explanation as to why "they" hate 
us, but we are surrounded by enough self-induced terror, who needs 
zealots making a move in our direction.  It's a sobering movie, but 
very well-stated.

Canada - we joke it's the largest of our 51 states, but no one there 
is denied medical care all ("it's a basic human right," scoffs an 
Ontario teen), there are 7 million guns in 10 million households, yet 
less than 40 gun deaths a year.  The US has over 11,000 gun deaths a 
year, many uninsured persons.  AND they are legalizing pot.  Why do 
we make fun of Canada again?

There are so many beautiful, unspoken moments in Bowling.  I wish I 
could spoil some of it for you but you will just have to go see it. 
Moore quotes the social commentary as hilariously propagandized by 
South Park the movie, a keen social commentary on blame and social 
responsibility, worthy of the same audience Moore carries.  Truth 
hurts, even when you can laugh at it.

It is also delicious to hear how irrational and crazy the government 
officials sound, blaming Marilyn Manson for the crazy teens (but not 
Eminem?  Explain that), yet the Artist Formerly Known As Brian had 
some very wise things to say.  Also, there is a brilliant animated 
short in the middle of the film which I wish was available for 
download - it's a fantastic miniature summary of Moore's thesis.

If you recall in the 1980's, there were picket lines around the 
theatres playing a little movie that dared to show the human side of 
Jesus' man/god nature.  People who had not seen the film picketed it, 
reviled it, and claimed its one-sidedness was sinful.  One must see 
both sides of any major debate, and that film operated under the 
premise that plenty has been done with Jesus' God-side.  Moore's film 
is the Last Temptation of Charleton.  The people who most need to see 
it won't, and I wish I could change that - I hope my readers who see 
it will help as well.  Roger Ebert yapped at some length about 
Moore's excessive use of "theatre."  Without the organized 
presentation, the public embarrassment of the guilty, the message 
would not be heard.  World famous improviser Keith Johnston says that 
we go to the theatre to see people change.  We watch Michael Moore 
hoping for this change.  Keep the theatre, Mike, it is what makes 
your message both understandable and heard.

I'm sure I'm going to get loads of disgruntled email from my readers, 
who do not have to agree with me, but I hope they will see the film 
and argue with me intelligently.  Better yet, see the film, and 
challenge someone you can speak to in person to see it as well and 
discuss it with them.  I am here to recommend (or not) films, and all 
politics aside, this is a fantastically made film.

-- 
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
These reviews (c) 2002 Karina Montgomery.  Please feel free to forward
but just credit the reviewer in the text.  Thanks. 
reviews@cinerina.com
Check out previous reviews at:
<a href="http://www.cinerina.com">http://www.cinerina.com</a>
<a href="http://ofcs.rottentomatoes.com">http://ofcs.rottentomatoes.com</a> - the Online Film Critics Society
<a href="http://www.hsbr.net/reviews/karina/">http://www.hsbr.net/reviews/karina/</a> - Hollywood Stock Exchange 
Brokerage Resource
<a href="http://www.mediamotions.com">http://www.mediamotions.com</a> and   <a href="http://www.capitol-city.com">http://www.capitol-city.com</a>
