---
title: Sally
tags: 
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2002-10-23
---

<p class=date>12:41am CDT Thursday 24 October 2002</p>

<p>What an utterly fantastic phone conversation with Sally!  We talked
for about 2 hours I'm guessing; I told her some stories of my trek and
answered her questions about San Antonio and Houston rallies.  She
told me about the state of her thesis (it's been dragging on for a
while due to losing some data in a crashed raid array) and of her
facist office mates who don't approve of her speaking (even quietly)
for 15 minutes on a personal call during her lunch break.</p>

<p>Talked about overview things and funny things and all kinds of
awesomeness; Sally is just so great!</p>

<p>I still don't know if I like her more than she likes me, but she
gave me the greatest blessing.  Something like, "if I had to list my
five favorite things, one of them would be that you're going on this
awesome trip to Japan," with the implication being that I'm living my
dream adventure and really exploring the world and a new culture and
all that.</p>

<p>We talked about the possibility of her joining me for part of my
western state tour, driving from sunny southern Cali to Washington to
see Olympia Park (I think)... we still need to work out many
details.</p>

<p>She said she would really love to see me <em>right now</em>, and oh
my gosh.. me too.  totally totally totally.</p>

<p>I told her that she is the one reason that I would be tempted to
not stay in Japan for multiple years.</p>

<p>One of my fears is that if I go off to Japan for a long time, that
she would marry someone back here in the US.  But that's a fear based
on hollywood stories, not on real reality.  I think.</p>

<p>But if she's so awesome, she can definitely find a way to come
visit!  We decided that after my first year there, I could take three
months off and we could sail from Japan to New Zealand.  What a
wonderful trip that will be!</p>

