---
title: haunted house
tags: []
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2002-10-26
---

<p class=date>8:26am CST Sunday 27 October 2002</p>

<p>Haunted house last night was pretty great fun, not because it was
all soooo super scary, but because I got to hang out with two of my
great friends.</p>

<p>There were a couple of guys with really long long legs and one had
a scary pumpkin head with long craggly twisted sticks for fingers and
a scary big red tongue, not pointed, but just so big it should be
choking his breath.</p>

<p>The other guy's skull was visible; all his skinn had been removed
in some horrible accident, or due to his death many years ago.</p>

<p>Anyway, they were walking around posing for pictures and chasing
those people who showed fear.  <em>THAT</em> was the funniest part.
The silly girls would be all shrieking and running away, hiding behind
their friends or their um, friends as if the tall guys couldn't see
them wherever they went.</p>

<p>They had followers, like personal assistants to make sure that no
one messed with them too much.  The girl behind the skull was cute,
though her face was pale white with dark around her eyes like they
were sunken in hollow voids.</p>

<p>Wyatt Erp walked behind the pumpkin man, and seemed nearly as tall.
Wyatt Erp took a picture of us three with Maggie's camera.</p>

<p>This was all outside the haunted house as we were waiting for our
group's number to come up (29) on the "now serving" thingy.</p>

<p>Our number came up, and we got in line (the number turned to 30
before we got past it) where they checked our tickets and said, "if
you get scared, grab each other as hard as you can" (i.e. don't grab
the actors; you don't touch them; they won't touch you.)</p>

<p>- - - -</p>

<p>I was pretty much not scared through the whole thing, just had my
ultra alert guard up the whole way through, so that almost nothing
would startle me.</p>

<p>But the one room intentionally made to look like the bedroom from
<em>The Exorcist</em>, including the girl on the bed with her arms all
backwards like she's doing that fucked up back bend.  Plus the drawers
on the chest opening and closing by themselves was pretty good.</p>

<p>And then when leaving that room, another doll like the girl was in
that backwards-crawl up on the top of the wall.  Spooky.</p>

<p>- - - -</p>

<p>There were three haunted houses in a row, which basically amounted
to one big big haunted house with two people dressed up controlling
traffic into the next section.  When we got out of the whole thing, to
the guy at the door I was all, "so, where's the second haunted
house?"</p>

<p>"That was all of them.."</p>

<p>"Awww man...  No, I'm just kidding.</p>

<p>- - - -</p>

<p>I talked to a cat sitting on a couch thing; I was directed to him
to provide feedback on the houses.</p>

<p>The guy with the lawnmower was good.  He was up on a platform,
mowing the grass, and then would push the mower up over the guests as
they walk through.  It was on chains, but yeah.  And when it happened,
Janette was all, "eeee" and grabbed onto me and Maggie.  I was all
laughing, "you <em>knew</em> it was going to happen; you knew it! [but
you still got scared...]"</p>

<p>There was a room of heads hanging from strings, all white heads in
utter pitch blackness.  I knew one of the heads would jump out at us;
I was looking for one of them to be an actual human.  But it turned
out to be a pitch black dressed human holding a head on a stick, so
the head was fake and undistinguishable from the other except that it
jumped out at us.  bwahhh!!</p>

<p>The most impressive was a guy with no shirt on, and no lower half
of his body.. speaking into a microphone randomly at us as we walked
by.  I was all, "that should be controlled by an actor so it could say
things specifically <em>to</em> us."</p>

<p>Turns out it <em>was</em> a guy in a suit.  Wow!  I could not tell
how they had removed his lower body below the ribcage.  I was
impressed and a bit disbelieving it was an actor.  But the guy on the
couch assured me it was.</p>

<p>I gave him some other ideas on what is scary to me, and even as I'm
writing this entry, I'm thinking of more stuff.  oh wait I forgot. aw
man.</p>

<p>Oh, um plexiglass floor with apparent places to walk, like stepping
stones and dismembered bodies below it.</p>

<p>He had an idea of a people mover from earth past heaven and dumps
them out into hell, but insurance prices skyrocket when they start
moving people around.  I wonder if they can make that optional, but I
guess insurance would still go up.  Pooh.</p>

<p>Cheap black plastic is good to cut in strips and dangle from the
ceiling in a completely darkened room.</p>
