---
title: Work
tags: 
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2002-10-30
---

<p class=date>5:27pm CST Wednesday 30 October 2002</p>

<p>Just got home from work.  I've found that three chicken burritos
with cheese is about the perfect amount of food for me for the day.
Janette brought me 6 inches worth of Subway chicken sandwich; that
plus the 3 burritos was a bit too much for the whole day.  So I figure
the three will be perfect.</p>

<p>Anyway, at work we worked and blah blah blah.</p>

<p>I'm most enamoured with a cat named Jah Jah (sp?).  He seems cool
and funny and a hard worker with lots of experience doing a variety of
things there.  He can drive the forklift, use the arc welder, plus all
the tools that I know how to use of course.  But he's funny cause he
does accents and such, from normal soft spoken JahJah to New York
gangsta to Jamaican gangsta.  That one seems to be his favorite,
though he basically just fake threatens people with one line "Ya wah
rahn wi me boah?  Ya wah rahn wi me?"  Which I basically translate to
"you wanna romp with me?" or actual English, "would you like to fight
with me?"</p>

<p>That voice seems to come only at the end of the day, or near the
end after we been working for 6 or 7 hours.</p>

<p>After clocking out, waiting for Janette, I said hi to Oksana (sp)
in Russian, which I learned from Sergay (sp) yesterday.  "Privet"
(written with english characters).  She told me how to say goodbye:
"ohka" and thank you, which I've forgotten, but it starts with an S
sound.</p>

<p>- - - -</p>

<p>My fingertips are all covered with dirt that I can't get off
because it's stuck to Great Stuff, a foam filler that we use to adhere
foam blocks to wood until we bolt it on.  Using sucky aluminum rods
that kept snapping when we put moderate tension on them.  Pieces of
crap.</p>

