---
title: Dream
tags: [ "dream" ]
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2002-10-31
---

<p class=date>3:39am CST Thursday 31 October 2002</p>

<p class=note>(dream)</p>

<p class=dream>In a hospital, working there, I am made aware by
listening in on a conversation between a doctor and nurse that the
hospital will make 800 dollars per year on a patient if we are able to
perform surgery on her this coming month.  We'll be guaranteed $800
per year after that..  The nurse is asked to try and get that surgery
'account.'</p>

<p class=dream>I am asked to narrate a filmstrip on stuff at the
hospital.  I'm presenting the filmstrip to some of my peers, and I
don't prepare for it all that well.</p>

<p class=dream>The first image is of a bunch of different people's
faces (men and women) and all of them are labeled Rebecca.</p>

<p class=dream>My audience (3 people) were gossipping, so I turned the
sound off on the TV to get their attention.</p>

<p class=dream>"I knew that would get your attention."</p>

<p class=dream>"Okay," I continued, "this image describes that the
hospital on one level takes care of individual patients and tries
caefullly to keep each individual alive.</p>

<p class=dream>"But on a different level, the hospital as an
institution, is trying to make money, and doesn't distingush between
the individual patients.</p>

<p class=dream>"The institution just wants the money and makes no
effort to really get to know the patients.</p>

<p class=dream>"We don't, for eaxample, record the patients' favorite
color or spouse's names exept for insurance collection purposes.  We
don't know their pets's name or anything that might be important to
the patient.  We just want to get them in and back out; we don't teach
them anything about how to stay out.</p>

<p class=dream>"In fact, it can be argued that the Western medicine
culture keeps people sick so the hospitals and drug companies can stay
in business."</p>

<p class=dream>My friends were pretty surprised at this, but they kept
watching my presentation.  I flipped to the next slide and it said
"mechanical" beneath a picture of a patient and I had no idea what it
was supposed to be about.</p>

<p>So I woke up.</p>

