---
title: Work
tags: []
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2002-10-31
---

<p class=date>9:13am CST Thursday 31 October 2002</p>

<p>Pooey at work to start; no one needed help until I got to Doug
who's always friendly.  Helped them paint, but didn't have good
direction to get started properly.  Oksana showed me some stuff, but
twice I got the wrong sized brush.  The first time she giggled because
the brush I had chosen was too small, but then when I grabbed one too
big it wasn't funny anymore; I felt embarassed and had to remember
that there's no reason for me to know this stuff yet; today is my
first day.</p>

<p>Then Sergey was all politely telling me that we shouldn't start
with the highlighting, which Oksana had started me with.  So I went
and found the correct color paint and Angelo happened to be near and
showed me a tiny bit how they wanted the shading done, but then
everyone went on break, so I was like "fuckit" since I thought I was
doing less good than good, so I washed off the brushes and buckets and
swept the floors in the woodshop area.</p>

<p class=date>12:05pm</p>

<p>Back over at the woodshop side, slight minor tragedy when I ripped
some boards (rip = cut (haha ripped = cut as well)) for William, but
he didn't specify to rip the plywood and not the pine.  He just said 2
5/8ths inches.</p>

<p>I cut one piece into 11 pieces and showed him my work to make sure
it was all good.  At least I didn't cut more than that.</p>

<p>Cut a bunch of the correct pieces, stacks and stacks.</p>

<p>Also good was that Jah Jah thanked me for offering to help him, and
he let me help him with cutting off the top of the stairs, which had
been built too tall for the frame on which they were to be
attached.</p>

<p class=date>12:14pm</p>

<p>I'm at lunch now with Janette.</p>

<p class=date>12:20pm</p>

<p>Oh hey, we weren't at lunch; we're at the library turning in books
and rechecking out The Original Uncut <em>Stranger in a Strange
Land</em> so we can hopefully finish reading it before I embark on my
western state tour.</p>

<p class=date>2:40pm</p>

<p>Back at work and on break now.  I cut my thumb a bit by trying to
pry a bolt out of some wood with another bolt.  Pinched a little bit
of skin on my thumb and it woulda been a good blood blister except
that the skin broke.</p>

<p>Been helping Jah Jah mess with these stairs.</p>

<p class=date>7:24pm</p>

<p>Still at work.  I got pulled off stair duty to remove the rather
large decorations of a palestinian TV station that apparently got
raided and all their assets (except for the set) seized under the
Secret Evidence Act.  The story of 80 armed agents coming in to raid
the place amazes me.  That's some fucked up repugnant shit.</p>

<p>Jah Jah, Mongu, Karaoke, Ivory, Hector, Vince, Joe are still all
here at work.  Still working on this big ass stage set that is
supposed to be loaded in the truck starting at 8am tomorrow.</p>

<p class=date>8:40pm</p>

<p>Done.   Or rather, I'm no longer at work.</p>

<p>I didn't do a whole lot, but helped Baba (that means Honorable
Father, which we often call Karaoke) shape the base of the crosses and
noted (incorrectly) that the metal frame to hold the base was 20
inches wide and should be 16.  So we planned to remove some wood
flooring and add metal braces to make it the correct width.  I removed
the first wood flooring thing (fun because this floor is 13 feet off
the ground) and started to remove the second when I realized that I
oughtn't assume that all three cross supports were made incorrectly.
I found a tape measure and measured the one I was working on.  It was
16 inches.  I found that all three were 16 inches; we had measured the
wrong part of the metal to get 20 inches.  So I put the floor back on
and just as I was finishing, Janette got there to pick me up.</p>

<p>And I got these pictures of Jah Jah.  I mean Jesus.</p>

