---
title: Laura2
tags: 
author: Rob Nugen
date: 1992-07-02
---

<p class=note>(transcribed from Book Two of my diary)

<p class=date>10PM Thursday, July 2, 1992.

<p>Yesterday at about 7:30PM, Laura came over and we played on my
computer and she fixed windows for me - not totally fixed, but a lot
better. Then we went to Niko Niko's for dinner.  She said it was
pretty Americanized food, but still good. Then we went to Herman Park
area, walked around Sam Houston statue and then to the big sundial. We
sat on the South pointing pyramid and watched people and cuddled.
Then we read about the thing, and a couple with a baby asked Laura to
take their picture.  She did, and then we walked the planets.  We
looked at some of the statistics of the planets and I found a bit of
information that I knew and she didn't: albedo measures reflectivity.
She had taken astronomy but forgot that.  Cool.

<p>Then we walked to the feet print courtyard, and then to the
fountain that is ringed by Roman-style columns.  I told her about
Hawaii's Pearl Harbour, and about Katoomba Falls in Australia.  Then
we went back to the car and drove to Marble Slab.  We ate and then
stopped by Kroger to see what was up.  Basically nothing except they
were busy, so we left.  We came back to my house and I showed her my
scrapbook and then I climbed onto the bed and motioned for her to join
me.  She was like, "I don't know... since you've got all these
women..."  I kinda shrugged, "whatever you want..."  So she climbed
into bed with me and we cuddled and kissed, but I didn't get the same
response from her as I had the previous night.  So I asked her what
was wrong.  She said it was because last night was so spontaneous, and
tonight is so planned.  I agreed and after a while of just holding
her, asked what I could do for her.  She said she would enjoy a back
massage.  So I <em>massages</em> her.  All over.

<p>Her whole body I massaged.  Her back, her butt, her feet, her legs,
her arms, her hands - everywhere.  

<p class=note>(28 lines skipped)

<p>1 (one) night later, Friday night, I went over to her house.  We
all made dinner, eggs, fruit salad and biscuits.  Very good.  After
that, we had chip-a-roos, ("pan cookies") Laura and I stayed up until
2:30AM talking and kissing.  I found out about her love life, and saw
her scrap book.  I almost fell asleep on the way home, but I did make
it.  Saturday (yesterday) was the 4th of July.  I went over to her
house after work and we all made supper again.  We had fried fish and
salad and cornbread.  Then we watched fireworks outside her house.
Then she and I went inside and into her room.  I fell asleep for a
couple hours while she Blue Waved and other computer stuff.  Then I
woke up and cuddled with her and practiced my new memory management
scheme while she read, occasionally aloud.  She quit reading and I
rubbed her back for a while

<p class=note>(2 lines skipped)

<p>At about 3:30AM, I left and crashed in bed here.

<p>During the time that she was describing her previous relationships,
I asked why she was able to make love to me without having a
committment from me.  She said she didn't know and didn't want to
think about it.  I said Ok.  Then she said it may be something about
the fact that I am "more realistic" and that I know what I
want.. Hmmm..

