---
title: Laura
tags: 
author: Rob Nugen
date: 1992-07-02
---

<p class=note>(transcribed from Book Two of my diary)

<p class=date>9AM Thursday, July 3, 1992

<p>On Tuesday, I went to Laura's house at 1PM.  We went to her end of
the Baytown tunnel and stood in awe watching the huge suspension
bridge that is being built.  (The tunnel is only 2 lanes.  The bridge
is like 12 plus shoulders)  Word.  We went to a cemetary and looked at
some of the stones.  Then we went to The Point and then we got some
hamburgers and ate at her house.  We sat and smiled and went to her
room to play on the computer.  She showed me some different cool
stuff.  I stretched my back and was like "ow ow ow."  She asked if
that was a hint.  I asked in my cute voice "will you rub my back?"
She said "sure."  We went into the living room and she rubbed my back
and popped it.  (Popped the shit out of it actually.)  Then I rubbed
on her back and her feet.  Then I gave her a face massage.  She lay on
the couch with her head in my lap and I rubbed her face.  After a
while I leaned forward and kissed her.  We kissed and kissed - all the
while I was caressing her face.  Then she flipped over and climbed up
onto me and we kissed in a more comfortable position.  Wonderful.

<p>Her parents called (her mom actually) and we went out to rent
movies.  We watched "The Living Daylights" with her parents and then
cuddled and watched "Dead Again" alone.  After the movie we made out
and I fingered her.  She whispered, "I want you to make me scream..."
"But not tonight," she smiled.  We made out in this manner until 2am.
Then I went home and crashed asleep.
