---
title: shopping
tags: []
author: Rob Nugen
date: 1992-07-10
---

<p class=note>(transcribed from Book Two of my diary)

<p class=date>11:35PM July 10 1992 Friday.

<p>Yesterday Laura and I had a great day. We started out at the
Clayton library and did some research for a few hours.  I looked up
some of ma's family.  Then we went to Wendy's and ate lunch.  Then to
AAA for some maps for her parents.  And then to ma's work, where we
ate cake and got some info from ma.  We also spent some time talking
to a lady who was playing the harpsichord. Then we went to The
Galleria and walked around for quite a while.  We stopped in a map
store, where she saw one of her friends from high school.  We also
stopped in a gag store and got some envelopes for Maggie Molly and
John.  
<br>For John the envelops says Drug Test Resuts 
<br>For Molly the envelope says Lottery Winning Notification 
<br>For Maggie the envelope says Nymphomaniacs International

<p>Then we went to Transco fountain and sat and talked on a bench at
the fountain and then we spent a few hours sitting and talking on the
hill in the duck pond across the street.  We talked about the
(non)existance of God and about our relationship and everything.  Then
we went to my house and made out and talked and ended up having great
sex.  Then I crashed and she went home.  She called at about 2:38AM
(by her clock) to say that she made it.

<p>Today after work, Heather and I did some work on our goal planning.
We call them JAM session.  My 3 goals now are to get snadals, get
disposable contacts, and get a new job.  We figured out some specific
steps that we can do this week in order to get them done. Very Very
cool...  I also had some success with my brain windows in my head.
Later

