---
title: shock marbles
tags: 
author: Rob Nugen
date: 1992-07-14
---

<p class=note>(transcribed from Book Two of my diary)

<p class=date>10:40AM Tuesday July 14, 1992

<p>Last night Laura came over and helped me fix Blue Wave.  She simply
gave me a new editor (QEdit) which has word wrap and all variety of
hotkey redefinitions.

<p>Today I woke up and got started big time on my stuff that I want to
do for my JAM sessions with Heather.  I called and made an appointment
with Dr F. Wooten to get some disposable contacts.  Then I called Dr
Sheffield to get my records from them transferred to Dr Wooten.  Then
I called a shoe repair place and then drove my dress shoes over there
and he will put rubber soles on them.  Then I was driving home and
suddenly (metal dragging on concrete sound) came from beneath the van.
Great.  So I pulled into Birraporetti's parking lot and looked.  My
shock had fallen off!  holy shit!  So I tied it up off the ground and
drove to the Goodyear Tire place.  They said it would be 45 minutes
before they could look at it.  So I said "Ok I'm going to walk home;
just call me."  So I walked over to Pier 1 Imports and looked around.
I picked up a crazy crazy straw and then I found a barrel with the
very bottom covered with blue marbles.  There was a coffee cup with
the handle broken off and a sign that read, "Blue or Peach marbles
$.48 per cup"  I grabbed about 8 marbles.  I took them up to the
counter: Straw, clickclickclickclickclick 8 marbles.  She looked and
said, "uh, where'd these come from?"  "There was a barrel back there
that said 48 cents per cup, but I didn't want that many."  "Hmm that's
a far cry from a cup.  Don't you want all of them and get them off my
hands?"  "How much would all of them be?"  "1/2 off 48 cents."  "Ok."

<p>So I went back and got the whole barrel and brought it up front.
She loaded them into a bag (about 5 cups worth) "Do you want the dust,
too?"  "Sure."  So I got the dust and the popsicle stick and 5 cups of
blue marbles and one(1) peach marble and a crazy crazy straw for
$1.27.  Killer.

<p>I left, feeling like quite a shrewd business man.  Then I stopped
by Mrs Baird's Thrift shop and bought 4 apple pies and 1 pineapple
pie.  Then I came home and wrote this.

<p class=date>11:20AM

<p>The Goodyear people called and said $135 to put the shocks on.  I
thought, "no way."  So did dad so I called them back and said "No
way."  I'm leaving now to go pick it up.  Later

<p class=date>11:59PM

<p>I uploaded 68 messages to the Castle today.  A new record for me.
I'm talking to Laura right now.  Later
