---
title: bread
tags: []
author: Rob Nugen
date: 1992-07-25
---

<p class=note>(transcribed from Book Two of my diary)

<p class=date>7:45AM Saturday, 25 July 1992

<p>A couple nights ago I went to Laura's and we watched Dances with
Wolves.  Pretty cool.  I was totally falling asleep on the way home.
Not cool.

<p>Last night, Fred and I went grocery shopping.  He and I had been
throwing different groceries to eachother to get them into the cart.
Fun.  Then we got to the bread aisle.  Fred put one load of bread in
the cart and then got another loaf and he backed away from the cart so
he could throw it to me.  He was holding the loaf by the side of the
bag.  He told me to back up some more.  I did.  I told him to grab the
end of the bag.  He did.  We backed up more until we were about 40
feet from eachother.  He swung his arm and tossed it to me, but the
trajectory was a little too steep.  The bread flew up and passed
cleanly into the ceiling by knocking the ceiling panel out of the
way.  The bread stayed up there.  So did the panel, although it was a
bit crooked.

<p>I laughed the silent teary eyed laughter for 2 full minutes, while
Fred made a bee-line for the restroom.  Then I laughed audibly for
about 4 or 5 minutes.  Tears were streaming down my face.  My antics
were indistinguishable from crying, so one guy asked, "you okay?"
"Yes," I laughed.  Holy shit that was so funny.  We laughed all the
way to the checkout line and then across the parking lot.  Hilarious.

<p>Yesterday I interviewed with Sister Gemma about getting the weekend
job in the pharmacy.  I told her I was still working Kroger on the
weekends until Aug 31.  So she basically requested me to work Tuesday
and Thursday until then.  I said Ok, but I don't want to go for
another 21 day stretch of working.  So I'll quit Kroger soon.  I'm
going to work this weekend and next weekend at Kroger and that's it.

<p>Oh - I told Laura to come on over today at 6PM but I forgot that I
had already scheduled a JAM session with Heather.  I think I'll still
have her come over, since Pierre & Heather want to meet her, and I
told her about Pierre's computer connections (sysop access, etc) So
that should work out OK.  Later
