---
title: random
tags: []
author: Rob Nugen
date: 1992-07-31
---

<p class=note>(transcribed from Book Two of my diary)

<p class=date>8:11 AM 31 July 92 Friday

<p>(My hand can't concentrate on writing right)

<p>The summer Olympics have been on.  Very cool.  I stayed home last
night and watched womens' gymnastics with Fred.  The female I lust
after is Kim Zmeskal.  For swimming, it's Anita Null.  Actually,
there's a female diver I like better than Null.  I've forgotten her
name though.  Mary Ellen ______  She is built. I would love to give
her a back massage.  All of them.  I've gotten to the point that I
want to start gymnastics again. - -  

<p>I've just spent 10 or 15 minutes imagining being back in the gym.
I think I'll do it.

<p>Yesterday I spent most of the day at UH.  I figured out my 1040X
form for 1990.  THe government owes me 308 dollars.  Killer.  It will
take a few months to be processed, hence Laura says, "it will be
pennies from Heaven."

<p>I met a girl named Yolanda in the library.  She was pretty funny.
I traded phone numbers with her and she called last night while I was
talking to Laura, so I let her go.  Oh - I borrowed Pierre's Windows
3.1 disks and installed Windows last night.  I like it a lot better
than the Windows I used to have.  I mean, I can pop up a Dos window
and all kinds of shit.  I didn't fully explore everything, but it
emits sounds through my Sound Blaster.  Total coolness.

<p>Laura is coming over today after work.

<p>I got my budget figured out and I have enough fundage to last
through the semester.  Later

<p>Hey Hey Hey remember to ask me about the fine girl in the BMW at
the corner of W Gray & Montrose.  She was totally cute and had chopped
short blonde hair and was looking around and had lots of energy.  She
put her arm out the window and got poked by the door lock thing.  She
pushed it down like, "there!  job well done!"  and she looked over at
the other lock and watched it go down and nodded her head like,
"that'll teach you, lock."  She looked over and saw me; I had been
totally infatuated with watching her.  She smiled a big smile and her
eyes kinda lit up and she gave me a thumbs up at the same instant that
I waved.  I then gave her a thumbs up ans she asked, (using charades)
"you want to go smoke some grass?"  I shook my head "no."  She said
"good, I don't either."  We both laughed and I blew her a kiss and
then the light turned green.  She had better acceleration than I so I
flashed my lights at her as I turned into my driveway.  Oh she was
fine.  Later
