---
title: holy shit what a morning
tags: fack
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2017-06-06T09:13:19+09:00
---

## 09:13 Tuesday 06 June 2017 JST

Lin cooked lovely breakfast for me, by cooking an egg into some
already-made vegetable soup.

The soup was too hot to eat immediately (because it had just been
boiling), and it reminded me of all the times she has reheated food to
scalding temperature.

From my point of view, the food is already cooked; there is no reason
to reheat it at all, much less beyond the point that it can be eaten.
I see it as a waste of time and energy heating it up just so it can
cool down.

I have mentioned this before, and it is a point of contention for us.

From her point of view, I do not appreciate what she does to prepare
food for me.   From my point of view, she can do *less* and I would
actually be happier.

This morning I said, "I don't understand why you make the food too hot
to eat." She got kinda mad but explained she had to cook the egg
within the soup.

I said "Oh, thank you.  I did not realize that you had to cook the
egg."

For me, that would by the end of the conversation, but she told me
how I always get upset that she cooks, but that I do not realize that
there is an egg in the soup (this time).

"I understand that you cooked an egg in it this time.  Thank you. I did
not realize that before, but I realize it now.  Thank you."

She said something again about me not understanding.

*Oh goddammit I am pretty sure I understand.*  (I did not say that, but
I thought something like that.)   "I only said it because I thought
you just reheated it."

"This time I cooked an egg in the soup!"

*NO FUCKING SHIT MOTHER FUCKER JESUS FUCKING CHRIST I GOT THAT.*  (I did
not say that.)

"Yes, but sometimes you do just reheat, so I said something"

「もういい、ロブちゃん」and she left.

There were two packages of peanut sembe on the table.  I crushed both
of them to powder, one in each hand.  I was surprised how easily they
crumbled.  Fucking poison non-food. why does she keep buying fucking
garbage to eat?  I yelled with rage into the room, away from mama's
room because she was home, but fuckit I am not holding this in
anymore.  Collapsed onto the ground and yelled cryingly into the
floor.  FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU

Mama came in and asked what was up, then left when I said it was
nothing. 「なんでもない」

I remained on the floor a bit longer until the perfect time balance
between getting it all out and cleaning up, having enough time to
explain to her mom, and explain to Lin before I had to leave to meet
Caroline.

I cleaned up the crushed peanut crackers, dumping them into the trash.
I put the soup Lin made into tupperware (along with more from the pan)
to have for my lunch.  I put that into a plastic bag so it won't leak
and then put the bag on the stairs so I wouldn't forget it.

Mama was praying at her alter when I told her that it was nothing to
do with her, nor with Lin.  She guessed it was because I was sick and
she felt better.

I went up to see Lin who was meditating on her meditation pillow.  I
sat next to her for a moment and said something like "thank you for
all the work you do to prepare healthy food for me.  I hope you can
understand that my anger is really nothing about you, but is related
to past life stuff.  I have remembered two past lives that ..." (here
I was not sure how to finish the sentence.) " that are related to not
listening.  One time my friend died because he did not listen to me,
and one time I died because I did not listen to my family..  Thank you
for being so brave to be with me this lifetime while I deal with this
issue."

"Sometimes I think I am not the right person for you."

"You are the perfect person for me.  Within a month of meeting you I
wrote in my diary that you are the one. And I am staying with you. You
perfectly allow me to look at this problem." etc blah blah for a
minute, including legit crying.  How the fuck can she be so loving to
stay with me despite my being horrible?

"I think you have a problem with anger."

*oh my jesus christ bitch have you not been listening to me?*  (I did
not say that.)  "Yes. I get that.  I just said that.  I have been
looking at this issue and will continue to look at it.  It is related
to probably 500 past lives.  Thank you for offering me the chance to
look at it this lifetime.  I plan to ask Caroline the best way to deal
with it, and I will absolutely do it if she has an answer."

Lin hugged me for a bit, and then bade me well on my way to meet her.

Put my computer into my bag, along with rain gear, and headed out.

On the way walking, I realized I forgot to take Lin's soup for my
lunch.

fuck

Then I realized I had forgotten to bring my folder of shit for Tokyo
Men's Circle tonight

fuck

Got to the station on time and got on the train.  Got a seat which is
nice so I could do a bit of prep work before meeting CB today.

Train arrived and left on the platform opposite me.  I missed my
fucking train.

Thank fucking angels for the little details; I had planned to arrive
early.  I will arrive 2 minutes ahead of schedule assuming I get off
at the correct station, which is in two stations from now.  And I got
to write all this to air my dirty laundry in my online journal.
Hopefully it benefits someone somehow.
