---
title: Astroworld
tags: [ "astroworld" ]
author: Rob Nugen
date: 1987-07-02
---

<p class=note>(transcribed 7:22pm AKST Saturday 8 February 2003)
<br>(adapted from Book One of my diary)</p>

<p class=date>Thursday july 2, 1987 - 8:45AM.</p>

<p>I found the tape Tuesday at Neidick's Lumber.  Then I went to
Lynda's.  When I came in, we hugged, and I sat in front of her while
she played with my hair.  Buster was playing video games.  I showed
them how to make their own lode runner levels.  Then Ann showed up and
took us to practice.  I forgot my tape.  We went to Angie's house to
tape our rifles.  Then I went back to Lynda's.  I flirted with both
girls for a while.  Ann finally started flirting back about 15 minutes
before I had to leave.  She always seems to do that.  Then she doesn't
want me to leave.  I had trobule making her let me open the door, so I
went out the back, which has no stairs.  That was ok.  I guess I'll
have time to flirt on the way to rifle camp.  I will have fun there.
I'll get to meet a million girls.  It will be great.  Yesterday I went
to Astroworld with Fred, Cheri and Emily.  I rode all the roller
coasters.  Fred did, too.  Cheri wouldn't ride Greezed Lightnin'.
Emily wouldn't ride Cyclone.  I met 3 girls on Excalibur.  They would
take a little bit to get used to.  I wouldn't be surprised if they used
drugs.  It was Tobie, Rebecca, Christa.  Tobie liked me.  Rebecca was
the wildest, then Tobie, then Christa.  I rode Excalibur about 5 times
in a row.  The operator told me to ride once more and he would ride
with me.  I went back up and he asked which seat I wanted.  I said the
back, but there was a line there. He said "OK" And told everyone to
stay back for one time, And I got to the front of the line.  That was
cool.  I grabbed some leaves as we went around that corner, and I told
him about my collection inside the garage that I had.  I told him it
was fun to ride backwards.  I was turned all the way around going down
the first hill.  We got through, and he told me to come back in about
an hour.  During that hour, I met Stephanie, and it started raining.
I met her on the Gunslinger.  Then we rode Warp 2000 then we went back
to Excalibur.  It was still pouring, and Excalibur was shut down.  The
guy said come back about 30 minutes after it stopped raining.
Stephanie went back to find her mom. She sorta got in trouble for not
being with her group.  She was stuck with her mom for a while.  I saw
Cheri and Em and F and I went to talk to them.  When I was done, I
couldn't find Stephanie.  I never did.  I probably could have gotten a
decent kiss from her.  I did find Rebecca and crew.  We rode Runaway
Rickshaw and the Serpent.  I rode the Rickshaw with Becca.  And the
Serpent with Tobie.  We went around 3 times. I opened the lap bar one
time, which was pretty funny.  Then we went to Excalibur, but it was
still closed.  We went to the Cyclone.  I rode with Tobie in back.
She put her hands up, I was impressed.  I found out they were 14 years
old.  We then went back to Excalibur.  But on the way, I met Em Cheri
and Fred.  They wanted to leave.  So I did.  On the way out, Tobie and
crew followed me.  I said bye to them and stuff.  I got a hug from
Tobie.  Then we cruised.  I took Cheri and Em to the church.  Cheri's
dad came and took them home.  Then I went home.  I got a letter from
Robin.  I have to mow today.  I will try to write her.  I need to call
Ginnie and Aaron to see if they can come to SWUUSI. They better.  I
also need to buy some white shorts.  P.S. I will go to Astroworld this
year - All Day and by myself.  I'll meet a million girls.  It'll be
great.  Well bye. 9:50</p>
