---
title: Rifle Camp
tags: [ "rifles" ]
author: Rob Nugen
date: 1987-07-10
---

<p class=note>(transcribed 9:30pm HST Tuesday 18 February 2003)
<br>(adapted from Book One of my diary)</p>

<p class=date>Friday July 9, 1987 4:20P.M.</p>

<p>Rifle camp was great- There were about 8 guys, including
instructors and over 100 girls! I had fun!  The first day, Sunday we
left Tomball at 8:30AM.  We got there at about 2PM.  We registered- I
got a key for my room.  We went up to our rooms and scoped the place
out.  We unpacked and then went to supper.  It was lasagna.  It tasted
like shit.  I literally couldn't eat it because it made me want to
vomit.</p>

<p>After supper, we went to the communing hall to get oriented and be
put into our different groups.  We met Kelly Cole, the camp director.
I met her afterward and found out that I was alone in my room- no
roomate- because I was the oldest.  I ended up in the intermeadiate
rifle class.  I wasn't in advance because I couldn't do doubletime
fast enough.  Lynda, Kelly, and Angie were in the advanced group.  The
rest of us were in intermeadiate - Keesha, Ann, Joe, Me, a dude named
Jay and a guy named Kelly were in there, too.  Kelly ended up going
down to beginner because he couldn't pull doubles every time.  Carlos
taught Advanced Rifles.  James taught Intermeadiate.  Trish taught
Beginner.  I wanted to be in advanced <em>so</em> bad.  We just
learned a few basic things the first day.  Then at about 9:0 we went
back to the dorms.  I ran around a little meeting people, and getting
the girls to notice me some.  Kelly Cole gave each room a piece of
paper to decorate and put on the door.  Mine is now in my letter box
in an envelope.  It's a blue paper.  I told everyone to sign it and
they did.  Lights out at 10:30.  I took a shower and told Joe to wake
me up.  he did at about 6:20.  I got up, put my contacts in, and got
dressed.  Went out of my room and waited for someone to go to
breakfast with.  I think I went with Lynda and Ann.  We ate.  It
wasn't bad.  then at 8:00. We had to be in the Communing hall again.
I tried to get into the advanced group again, but didn't make it.  I
didn't want to be in there quite so much after that.  Monday we were
numbered off into 3 groups.  I was in group 3 with Kelly, Keesha,
Laura, Kristin. (sp?)  (Kristen?)  I was doing rather terribly.  We
had to put it on the next day, Tuesday.  Also Monday each group
(Beginner Inter. etc.)  Started to learn a different routine.  I was
all screwed up on that one, too.  But we only had to learn <em>it</em>
by Thursday.  Monday there waas a talent show.  I wasn't in it.  Oh,
Well.  We went swimming, but it was boring.  I just flirted with
Lynda.  That night, a lot of us watched a band perform on TV.  I gave
Linda a foot massage.  We went to bed.  I took a shower and all.  Joke
woke me about 6:10.  I went to breakfast Tuesday with Jay and Kelly
and group... Liz Sylvia Melissa Janie, and Laura?  Tuesday we worked
on our routiens.  During break I just sat with Lynda.  She lay back on
me- like Christy in the '86 Houston Rally.  That night we performed
our first routine.  We did good.  I messed up in one place- oh well.
We got first place, thought.  Yeay!  The ribbon is hanging by my
door.  After we went in for the night, I took a shower and then
propped my door open with my rifle, then went down to Lynda's room.
later a girl came by with a cap like mine.  I said "where'd you get
that?"  (I got mine at Wendy's)  she said, "Your room.  Where else?"
"Woah!"  I went down there.  One girl was wearing my name tag.
Another my cap.  Someone was wearing Joe's hightops.  They were
jammin' to Beastie Boys on Joe's Jam Box.  They didn't mess any of my
stuff up.  Cool.  Wednesday Joe woke me up by kicking my mattress.  (I
had it on the floor in the middle of my dorm.  Don't ask why.)  I went
to Breakfast with Kelly I think.  During Break, I went swimming.. We
played water volleyball.  I met Harla there.  That was fun.  She has a
fine ass.  Lynda didn't want to play.  I don't know why.  A girl named
Mandi was there.  I invited her to play, but she didn't want to
either.  I actually just wanted to meet her.  That night we had the
Olympic games.  We were all split up into 5 groups.  I was in group
4.  Each person had to dribble a basketball up to a mat, throw it to
the next person, who just held it, do 2 summer saults on a mat,
jumprope to a bat, run around that bat 5 times, step into a box, step
in the next box, bring the first one around to the front, step in it
again, etc- then sit down, put your hands over your head, say, "Mary
had a little lamb.  Mary had a little lamb.  His fleece was white as
snow.", then push a balloon with your head to a softbal, put the
softball between your feet and jump over to a table with 5 pieces of
pop corn on it, eat the popcorn with out using your hands, run back,
and tag the person with the basket ball.  Our team came in absolutely
last.  Kelly (the guy) ended up doing the whole thing alone.  All eyes
were on him.  Except for whoever was watching me cheer him on.  I was
out there, "Yay! Go!Go!Go! We can still win it!" Oh, Well.  That
night, we were allowed to stay up until 12:00.  I sat downstairs with
Lynda.  She sat in my lap for a while. :) Ann ordered pizza.  I
flirted a <em>little</em> with Harla, and her friend Marian.  Thursday
I woke up.  Wow, um- It was a normal day until break- We had to pack
to leave.  I packed real fast and then went swimming with Harla.  She
was the only other person there except for a lifegaurd.  We played
volleyball until about 3:50.  I invited both lifegaurds to see us
perform that day.  They said maybe.  I put all my stuff in the van.
Then I turned in my key.  I saw Harla there.  She didn't look too
good.  She said her boyfriend was giving her crap about being with
other guys.  What a jerk.  I got her address, and Marian's.  We went
to the Communing Hall.  We performed.  I did perfectly.  We all
did. No one dropped their rifle.  We were happy.  After we performed,
it was time to go.  I hugged a whole bunch of people and everything.
It was similar to leaving a rally.  On the way back, I major flirted
with Lynda.  We all talked about a lot of different stuff.  Like when
Kelly turned the light on and said "Psyche!" to Keesha.  Or said,
"Keesha!  Listen!  It's a rattlesnake!"</p>

book one page 49

###comments

<p><b>Name:</b> Brittney

<p><b>Email:</b> Spinderella6000@ *redacted*

<p><b>Subject:</b> nothing really

<p><b>Comment:</b>
<br>I was in color guard for a while.....I couldn't twirle a rifle but I could a sabor (if that's how you spell it) and a flag but I did better at tossing the sabor than I did twirling it but I could still do it. i've only done color guard for one year and now I'm a cheerleader and I was two years before that too.So yeah I was more of a cheerleader but then turns out I was one of the best on the team....<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
well ok g2g hope to ttul<br>
Brit

