---
title: today
tags: []
author: Rob Nugen
date: 1999-12-03
---

<p class=date>late pm Friday 3 December 1999</p>

<p>Work was cool (and short) today.  I worked some on my website and
suddenly realized, "yipes!!  We haven't given notice to our T1 line
account!"  Our account is supposed to expire on 31 December.  In our
contract it says that we have to give 30 days notice that we want it
to expire, otherwise the account will be renewed.  How about 28 days?
I don't think they will have a problem with letting it expire; there
is no real gain for them to be asses about it.  Faxed a letter to them
and I expect all will be good.

<p>Dude IMed me and was all, "hey Amazon.com bought $10 million in
shares of Ashford.com" Dude works at Ashford.com.  "Really? brb," I
said.

<p>I bought 10 shares of Ashford.com at 19 7/16 per share plus $12
commission.  We'll see what happens.

<p>Left work early to work on the <a
href="http://www.heartstormproductions.com">Techno Cosmic Mass</a>
Water Altar..  We had a meeting down at Ares Robotics, where most of
the work is being done.  Realistically, we are way behind schedule;
the thing is happening this Thursday!  I will build a mountain for my
fountain this weekend.  Gotta buy some rocks too.

<p>Took Madeline home after the meeting and talked (listened) to her
for an hour or two, including the drive to her house.  Kept very clear
sexual boundaries, with which I am pleased.

<p>Home by about 8:30pm and worked on my site.  I moved my <a
href="/y2k">Y2K</a> survey here, and my novel <a
href="/writings/thepin"><em>The Past Is Now</em></a>, and maybe something
else..

<p>Wende brought Taco Bell home for dinner and slept on the couch until I got off the computer at like 1am.

<p>Truly I am a slave to my website!  But I love it!

