---
title: late-night
tags: 
author: Rob Nugen
date: 1999-12-04
---

<p class="date">almost 8pm Saturday 4 December 1999</p>
<p class="note">(transcribed from my diary)</p>

<p><h1>OH MY GOD!!!</h1>

<p><h1>It's like like   - ...  ===    EEEEEE !!!!!!!</h1>

<p><h1>2000 is right around the corner!!!!</h1>	

<p><h1>Just like ... Bang! and it's gonna be here!!!</h1>

<p>Me an' Wende are at * Star Pizza.

<p>Today I worked on my mountain fountain for water altar at Techno
Cosmic Mass.  Did three different applications of Great Stuff insulation
foam.  It's foamy and then hardens so it can be carved or painted or
whatever.  It should look pretty awesome but wil definitely need tons of
work tomorrow (and probably 2 more cans of Great Stuff).

<p>Also replied to Fred's unicycle message:

<p><pre>
I love it!!!!!

It will take some practice.  I spent 2 or 3 hours practicing in one day
and was able to roll about 2 or 3 wheel revolutions.  This is not
astonishing, and would likely not get you to class, unless you had a
pretty fuckin' big unicycle, but it's a start.
.
.
.
</pre>

<p><hr class=left>

<p>After Star Pizza I rented Simpson's #4 tape ("Bart Gets and F"
(better known to me as the Snow Day episode (Quimby: "I hereby
pronounced this day to be Snow Day, the funnest day in the history of
Springfield!")) and an old Halloween Special including "Hungry are the
Damned" and something else and Bart as the Raven (James Earl Jones:
"Quoth the raven:"  "Eat my shorts!" interrupts Bart)) and A Brief
History of Time.  

<p>Watched Brief History of Time before playing Ultimate.  Wende fell
asleep during the movie - I enjoyed the film, especially the latter
half.  Mostly it was a 100% geeky movie, featuring interviews of a bunch
of incredibly brilliant people who knew/know Stephen Hawking.

<p>Got to UH around 11pm for Ultimate Frisbee.  Five people were already
there to play, and the field was soaked and muddy. (It had been raining
pretty much all day) I arrived and we agreed to play a game of 3 on 3.  
We chose teams arbitrarily, and my team got STOMPED severely.  The score
was 7 to 1 when one of their guys slipped and fell sliding his knee
across a shell in the field and gashed it open.  We played a bit longer
without him and they were still scoring against us!  Mr Gashed Knee
needed to leave, so the game ended (he had ridden with another guy who
was playing).  His knee was still crazy dirty, so I showed him where a
faucet was nearby.

<p>Back home, woke Wende up and ate ice cream and watched the Simpson's
episodes.  Fun fun stuff.

<p>With Love
<br>- Rob
