---
title: great fun
tags: 
author: Rob Nugen
date: 1999-12-08
---

<p class=date>23:06 Wednesday 08 December 1999</p>

<p>Wow!!

<p>Today work was cool; a guy named Rey installed the circuit for our
SDSL connection.  That is just the 'local loop' which connects to our
demarc, but not all the way to our router.  In other words, we are
closer to having DSL, but not yet.

<p>I read/skimmed through the 258 page PDF file on the Netopia R7100
router which should be arriving soon via UPS.

<p>Went to the KTRU weekly DJ meeting; station manager Meg was not
there, so Dennis filled in for her.  I must say the meeting was a lot
quicker!

<p>Also helped Kevin with some javascript stuff.  He was coding some SAS
modules to output Javascript code for our website.  I had written the
javascript for my offline HTML application; I showed him how to
translate it to have his SAS module write it.

<p>That was the boring part of my day.

<p>- - - -

<p>After work, I drove down to Ares Robotics, where we are building all
of the altars for Techno Cosmic Mass tomorrow.  Talked to Richard who
was a bit frazzled; he wanted to have been this far completed last week,
but we are doing the best we can with the time we were given.

<p>My water table had a layer of plastic over it and a pool at one end
so the pump could sit in it and push water to the top for the sprayers.

<p>We didn't have sprayers, though.  Richard went with me to Home
Depot.  I had a great time, and I swear he was like a little kid in a
candy store.  Really.  In mis mind he had a vision of what he wanted to
build, but didn't really know exactly how he wanted to do it.  I
recognized his technique as he summed it up later, "I just walk around
until I find the perfect thing to do the job."

<p>We bought the following:

<p>12 foot garden hose, garden hose to 1/2" adapter, four 1/2 X 12"
pipes, four 1/2" T fittings, one 90 degree fitting, six 1/2" close
connectors, and five shower heads.

<p>ascii picture time:


<pre>    
   SSaaT=====T=====T=====T=====9
   S   ^     ^     ^     ^     ^
  S  
   S
   S
    S

 S = garden hose  
 a = adapter
 T = T fitting
 = = 1/2" pipe
 9 = 89 degree fitting
 ^ = shower head
     close connectors are between S and a and connecting all the ^
</pre>

<p>We also grabbed some blue pastic tarp and a blue shower curtain and
some blue paint and some teflon tape and some lights.  Back at the shop
tonight we connected all the plumbing and layed out a design for the
plastic tarp (as a skirt around the table) and the lights.  The mountain
fountain that Wende and I made will cover the pump.  It will be
fantastic; I am ecstatic!!

<p>Madeline's Earth Altar is not as far along; Richard asked if I can be
in charge of helping her get it finished tomorrow.  No problem.  Hers
will be relatively simple; no moving parts or flowing water or anything.

<p>When I got home, there was a message from the mom of a friend of
mine, telling me about the TCM and that I might want to go!!  Yay!  The
word is out there!

<p>I am to be back at Ares at 7:30am.  It's 11:30pm now.  Good night!!

<p>With Love
<br>- Rob
