---
title: work-etc
tags: work
author: Rob Nugen
date: 1999-12-22
---

<p class="date">22 December 1999</p>

Wow.  3 days till Christmas; 10 days till 2000!!

Today at work I finalized purchase orders for three
machines!!  This is a first for me on this scale, and
with this level of precision piece by piece
construction.  

The data server will be a dual PIII 500 mhz machine
with 256meg ram, four 9.1gig hard drives (scsi ultra
2, 10,000 rpm) arranged into a RAID 5 array with a hot
spare, single channel raid controller that can handle
15 physical drives, 8 gig tape backup, two NIC 10/100
cards, dual power supply in a big tower case with 12
drive bays, etc.

The web server will be dual PIII 600 mhz, 256 meg ram,
one 9.1gig hard drive, 8 gig tape backup, two NIC
10/100 cards, etc.

These two machines will be their own little private
network, and also connected to our main hub.

The third machine is to replace a currently used
workstation that is getting pretty old and slow - it
can't even handle Win 98 quickly.  We'll get a PIII
500mhz, 128meg ram, 18.2 gig hard drive, one NIC
10/100, etc.

AND I'll get to install NT 4.0 on all these machines!

- - - - - -

Rosa is the gentle and polite woman who cleans up our
building each evening.  Talking to her today, we
wished each other happy holidays and stuff.  She is
just learning English, but tries hard to communicate. 
I told her I learned a tiny bit of Spanish while in
Costa Rica last year, and somehow we got to the
subject of learning languages, but not knowing the
"bad words."   

"Some day," she said, "I am going to learn the bad
words. The <em>really</em> bad words."

=====================

Got home, watched the Simpsons with Spot purring
contentedly on my back.

Got a great package in the mail!  All the present I
ordered from Bits and Pieces for Maggie, Molly, John,
Will, Marcel, Fred and myself.  (I'm not sure what to
get Wende).   So now Wende and I have just eaten
dinner at her house and we're about to wrap presents. 
She works at The Container Store, so has cool rolling
scissors, cool tube shaped ribbon, and plain ol' flat
wrapping paper.

