---
title: work
tags: work
author: Rob Nugen
date: 1999-12-30
---

Today I read Microsoft's installation manual for Win NT 4.0 Server.  Not
particularly informative, but it gave some good information.  Then I got
the wonderful phone call from Wade at the computer place.  "Your
computers are ready."

Wow!

I'm thankful that he asked, "would you like us to put the wheels on your
server?" because otherwise I woulda just driven out there in Scott, my
little Camry and said, "load 'em up!" to a chorus of laughter, "in that
little thing?"

Instead I asked, "just how big is this server?"
I now suddenly had a vision of it being 5 feet tall with upper and lower
cooling fans, a walk-in see through front panel, and big wheels on the
bottom.
He said it wasn't <em>that</em> big, but I probably would want a truck
if I could get one.

So I got Wende's truck.  Said HI to her at Container Store and switched
keys.  Drove to the computer place, got 3 computers, drove to work,
couldn't get in.  The place was locked up and Wende had my keys.

Doh!

Back to Wende's work, grabbed my work keys, leaving her my car keys, and
went back to work.  Unloaded all 3 machines and monitors in two trips
using our dolly and began to set one up.  I started with the smallest
one first.

I'll keep this part short:  The end result is I couldn't get the UDMA66
IDE controller/cable/drive to work.  So I had to use the 33 IDE.  I
spent over an hour until I made this decision, and by that time, Wende
was off work and it was time to eat!

I'll work more on the computer(s) tomorrow.

- - - - -

After mexican food (I had chicken burrito with avacado; Wende designed
her own combination meal) at La Jaliscience, the high-end mexican dive
within 2 blocks of my house, we drove to Sterling McCall Toyota to drop
off Scott for his 120,000 mile checkup.  He's 2.5 thousand miles early.

Now to bed early so I can go to work and then tomorrow TOMORROW begins
the new two digits!!!!!!

With Love
- Rob

