---
title: ThisIsIt!
tags: new years, end of world, party like 1999
author: Rob Nugen
date: 1999-12-31
---

<p class=date>Friday 5:04pm CST 31 December 1999</p>

<p>This is the last day of the nineteens!!!!!!

<blockquote>
<p>There's the whole debate about, "well, it's not really the millenium
or even the century cause way back in the day they started counting with
1 not 0 blahdiddyblah."

<p>Yes, I say, but realistically, what is *cool* is seeing those 000
zeros roll up onto the calendar.  I mean, driving in the car people
don't say oh look!  We just turned over 2001 miles!

<p>2000.  That's what's cool.

<p>(plus, kings and such changed the calendars arbitrarily to fit their
schedules or the schedule of the seasons or for whatever reasons they
had at various times back then.)
</blockquote>

<p>So anyway, this is the last of the 19s.  I mean I look back at my
ancestors and they may have been born in 1910 or 1903, but just... just
being born a few years prior and  <em>bing</em> it's 1800s and I think,
"man! that's <b>old!</b>"

<p>So now *I* was born in the old century, I mean in the 19s.  Well, in
a few hours but yeah!

<p><hr>

<p>At work today I installed Win NT 4.0 into one of the three machines. 
Had a little bit of frustration, but I think I got it all down now.

<p>First problem was I couldn't get it to recognize the new DMA66 IDE
drive it has.  Turns out Win NT doesn't know about this new thing, so I
had to install the driver from a separate disk.  That only took a few
tries to figure out.

<p>Then when I got it installed I recognized I had created "too many"
partitions on the hard drive.  I had created 3 partitions, which threw
off the default drive letterings for the network drives.  Tried to
reinstall the OS to fix it, but realized I just had to use Disk
Administrator.  Cool.

<p>One down, three to go!

<p>- - - - 

<p>Fred and I are now at Wende's, about to go play on his unicycle and
stuff.  Y2K downtown on skates tonight!!!!

<p>With Love
<br>- Rob

