---
title: area code
tags: [ "ten-digit dialing", "832" ]
author: Rob Nugen
date: 1998-10-02
---

<p class=date>2 October 1998</p>

<p>I got this in with my phone bill today:

<pre>
Customers with 713 & 281 area codes need to dial 10 digits:  New area code coming.

Beginning January 16, 1999, you will need to dial the area code
plus the seven digit phone number to make a local call in the
Houston calling area.  If you do not dial the area code before
the seven-digit phone number, you will reach a recording asking
you to do so.  You will not need to dial "1" or "0" before the
10-digit number on local calls.  Your 10-digit phone number will
not change, and you can start dialing 10-digits now for local calls.

In addition a third area code, "832," will be available on
January 16, 1999 along with the 713 and 281 area codes for
customers requesting new telephone numbers, regardless of where
their homes or businesses are geographically located in the
Houston area.

Ten-digit dialing is part of the area code relief plan being
implemented by telecommunications companies in Texas.  Area code
relief is needed because of the escalating demand for additional
telephone numbers for cellular phones, pagers, computers, fax
machines and other communications equipment in the Houston area.
</pre>

<p>I tried to scan it with OCR software and got this:

<pre>
Custem.awkh 713 & 281 ....ad.. ..ad to di.[ 10 digit.:N-... code coming.

Beginning Janwry 16, 1999, you wil need to di.1 the a- code plus
the -.a digit phone number to make a @ .11 in the Houston cailing 
arm It you do net di.1 the arm code befre the swen-digit phone
number you ill reach @ .@.,ding king you t de . You will et need
to di.1 '1' @,'O' before the 1 0-digit number on local .Its Your
I 0-digit phone number will not change d you n man di.ling 1
0-digits am to total .Its.

in dditi.n . thid r. code, '832 ' .11 be .@il@bl. on January 16,
1999 along win the 713 and 281 arm coda for customs. requting new 
telephone numbers g@rdlof where th.ir homes r bu@in-.@ r. 
g@@g.phiily located in the Houston arm.

T.n-digit di.li@g is part f the r. code r@li@f plan b.ing
implemented by td@@ommuni.t.n. mp@ni. in T-, Arm code relief is
needed because f the
esmlabng demand for additoul telephone numbers for ph.@., p.g.@,
computers, f. machines nd other @o.m.niti.n. equipment in the
Houston arm.
</pre>

<p>
