---
title: soml 30-oct-1998
tags: soml
author: Rob Nugen
date: 1998-10-30
---

<title>State of My Life</title>

<p class=date>30 October 1998</p>

<h1>STATE OF MY LIFE</h1>

<p><ol>

<p><li>Today begins San Antonio Rally.  From previous experience, I know if I don't write before the rally about stuff that happened before the rally, it probably won't be written</li>

<p><li>This past week, Manda and I saw the movie ORGAZMO, the new Trey Parker film.  There were 5 people in the theater, including us, and we had free passes to get in. It was pretty funny in that Southpark kinda way, but I'm pretty glad I didn't pay for it.</li>

<p><li>That night she spent the night and we spent just about the whole next day in bed.  Okay, maybe the movie did have some merit.</li>

<p><li>D'oh! but I missed an appointment for a general physical exam that I decided to do just to do it before I go to Costa Rica.</li>

<p><li>In the early part of the week, I was feeling pretty crappy in general, unproductive, that kind of thing. Scott (my car) went to the doctor on Tuesday and was feeling better $240 later.</li>

<p><li>I signed the paperwork to get MR Labs advertised on the back of the receipt tape at two Krogers near my house!
A friend of mine pointed out that advertising there would not be his suggestion; he wouldn't look for professional website design on the back of register tape, and I almost didn't do it, but when I thought about it later, it just felt like the right decision.  We'll see what happens.
They don't go out until January 1999.</li>

<p><li>Last night Wende and Eric and I went to see ORGAZMO. We had two free passes, and figured we could pay for 1 between us, but ironically, Eric and I left the pass at my apartment and he just paid for all of us.</li>

<p><li>I've been chatting in the Sauna on <a href="http://www.wbs.net" target="wbs">www.wbs.net</a>, an online chat thing.  My character is Thunder Rabbit, who likes to jump on the trampoline in there and play Chickenball.</li>

<p><li>Matt and Nathan are here chillin' until the rally.  They just came in from New Orleans by bus.</li>

<p><li>Oh! In the latter part of this week, I felt much happier and more productive when I figured out how to do stuff with cookies and forms and JavaScript!  I was able to make a couple of pages that set cookies and remember a user's name and what color they chose.  If you want to see them, <a href="mailto:thunderrabbitATcheerfulDOTcom">ask me</a>, and I'll give you the URL.  (2003 July: they're long gone; don't ask)</li>

<p><li>I spent some time updating the /images directory of the Southwest District YRUU website.  Nothing amazing; I didn't add any content, but just organized the pictures into directories and stuff.</li>

<p><li>Part of me thinks, "wow; what a boring week" but I'm still having fun.</li>

</ol></p>

