---
title: Intro
tags: [ "diary", "transcribed", "book1" ]
author: Rob Nugen
date: 1987-03-22
---

<p class=note>(transcribed from my diary 5:36pm CST Monday 20 January 2003)</p>

<p class=note>(this entry written 29 March 1987)</p>

<p>Hello!  This is my new diary.  I've had this book lying around in
my closet for a long time.  It's been waiting for a good use.  So now
it's Robert "Ted" (RoberTed) Nugen's Diary.  I'll need a name for it
later.  I need to tell about me.  No telling who may find this thing.
I was born March 25, 1970, in Fort Knox, Kentucky.  I lived there in a
trailer for about a year.  Then we moved to Columbia, Missouri.  We
lived there for about 8? years.  Then between 2nd and 3rd grades we
moved to a 2 story house in Spring, Texas.  There were railroad tracks
behind that house.  Then between 7th and 8th grades, we moved to
Tomball, Texas.  I'm still here.  I'll relate stories about the past
in all of those places and vacations I've taken and other stuff later.
I'm debating as to wether I should scatter throughout here as they
come or put them in a separate book.(*) Right now I'm in 11th grade at
Tomball high School.  I'm taking English III with Miss Carter, World
History with Mrs. Roach, Chemistry Honors with Mr. Hamm, Lunch,
Spanish II with Mrs. Sherman, Typing I with Mrs. Benefield, and
Algebra II with Mr Reagh.  They are all good classes.  Spanish and
History are the hardest.  I should be failing Alg. II, but I solved
the "carpet problem" and he is giving me a 90 for the year.  I need to
earn it, because next year I won't have carpet problems to fall back
on.  I'll describe the "carpet prob."  later.  Typing is incredibally
(sp) easy.  I'm averaging about 25 words per minute, and I don't even
have good style.  Next year I'm taking all honors classes except Art
I.</p>

<p>I started this diary for myself, mostly.  I often go on trips and
rallies and come back with lots of memories.  But, I can't get them
all in order, and that bugs me.  Most recently, was my Spring Break
Science Trip.  I have that about halfway in order.  I told a tape
recorder about it.  That is my "rough draft" I think from now on, I
will try to write down the days' events in here each evening.  Each
morning, I will write down my dreams.  For about 3 days, I've been
trying to have lucid dreams.  It may be a phase.  I hope not.  If I'm
on a trip, I don't want to take this with me.  I will have a smaller
note book to record dreams and events.  Even at home I think I will
write down dreams in a smaller book each morning and copy them into
here at night, just before bed.  Well, I guess that's all.  I'll put
guidelines about how to write in here.  Hey!  new idea!  this has page
numbers.

(*) I will scatter things throughout the book as I think of
them.  Anything not written in chronological order will be listed on
the page after this one.  How much should I put in here?  Do I care if
anyone reads it?  I don't know.  I'll think about it.  It would be fun
to write everything so that I may get in trouble if anyone else reads
it.  Well, skip that problem for now.  On to writing.</p>
