---
title: School
tags: school
author: Rob Nugen
date: 1987-03-30
---

<p class=note>(transcribed 11:25am CST Wednesday 22 January 2003)</p>

<p class=date>4:20 P.M.</p>

<p>I started a scrap book just now.  Oh, wait, my <b>day</b>: I had 2
bowls of rice krispies and part of an apple for breakfast.  For lunch
I had a hamburger, a slice of pizza, and tea.  For my snack I had the
rest of my apple and some Graham crackers, milk, and some pepsi, and 3
slices of bread. <b>School</b>: English - we went to the library
again.  I'm working on a research paper over the Sapce Shuttle
Challenger.  We have note cards due Wed.  I have 2 done - we need 10
or 40.  I don't know which.  I declined my invitation to the Junior
Ring Ceremony.  I had already accepted, but realized the OKC rally
coincided with the Ring Thing date.  I had asked Lucy Proctor to
present my ring.  I felt dumb telling her that I can't go.  Second
period- we found out that we did terrible on our tests.  I got a 73.
We are going to have another tomorrow.  She (Mrs Roach) gave us a
little tiny cheatsheet. I bought my spuds Mackenzie poster today from
Linda Palack (sp?).  3rd period.  We did some problems with water.
Figuring out how much heat is needed to melt a certain amount of
water, and stuff like that.  4th - I have an extra credit project to
do for Spanish.  It is due Wed.  I have to write a ten page book in
Spanish.  I think I can do it.  I will work today on it.  I also need
to study Spanish.  I got a progress report in there.  I have a 70
average.  5th.  No problem.  We were assigned 6 jobs and I got 2
finished.  I'll do the other 4 tomorrow - no prob.  6th - I got back a
test.  I major failed it.  My raw score was a 9. 37 was passing.  I
must talk to him.  On the way home Charmain gave me a letter.  Then
she told me a hellacious story about her Spring Break.  It was full
of drugs and sex and terrible things.  I also found out that Erin's
party was changed to April 10.  Now it is the same date as OKC and the
Ring Ceremony.  Oh well.  I'll am determined to go to one of their
parties though.  Well, it's 4:50 I will write some tonight.</p>
