---
title: SueZQ
tags: []
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2000-07-27
---

From:	Erika
Sent:	Thursday, July 27, 2000 3:57 PM
To:	rob
Subject:Fact or fiction: Dolphin safe tuna.

Not too long ago and not too far away a strapping young man by the name of 
Bubba and his armadillo, whom he affectionately called Sue Z Q, set sail for 
a three hour tour of the Gulf of Mexico. They had loaded up his Ford F350 
pickup truck early that morning with some tuna fish sandwiches and some Lone 
Star longnecks.  With a "yeehaw" they took off down I45 listening to Jerry 
Jeff and Robert Earl. Sue Z Q, sweet 'dilla that she is, lay next to Bubba 
the whole way to the Galveston.  As soon as he turned onto the SeaWall and 
rolled the windows down though, she jumped up and stuck her snout in the 
breeze.  "Smell that ocean air!" Bubba yelled over the roar of the truck and 
the wind.  When they got where they were going, Sue Z stood by as Bubba 
rolled the boat into the water.  He unhooked the trailer hitch, replaced his 
John Deer cap with a white captain's hat, grabbed Sue Z Q and the two were 
off! About an hour and a half into the 3 hour tour and about 14 Lone Stars 
into the case, the two were sailing beautifully.  The sun was beating down 
and the wind was in there faces, but this didn't faze them at all. After 
finishing a couple tuna fish sandwiches Bubba decided this was his chance to 
get rid of his farmer's tan, so he pulled off his "wife beater" and lay back 
in the sun.  Sue Z was next to him, wearing her 'Dilla shades that Bubba had 
specially made for her.  She was smiling that big armadillo smile, laying on 
her back, front paws behind her head, one leg crossed over the other.  Then 
the wind picked up and lifted the straw from Sue Z's long neck and plopped 
it down on the deck about five feet away.  She could not have this, so, not 
wanting to wake her dear Bubba, she scampered down the deck to go get her 
straw.  Well, the water on the deck did not mix well with the residual Extra 
Dark Tropic Tan oil that Miss Q had left on her paws.  Before she knew it, 
the poor thing had slipped and slid all the way off the deck into the 
Armadillo Predator infested water!  The splash woke Bubba, and he groggley 
turned to ask Sue Z Q, what the heck that was.  To his surprise she was not 
there!  He saw the missing straw and the skid marks on the deck and after 
about 12 minutes he put together what had happend (he's not too bright).  He 
ran to the starboard side, he ran to the port side, to the bow and to the 
stern, searching the water for his dear Miss Sue Z Q.  She was no where to 
be found.  The water was calm all around him.  He cried out, his fists in 
the air, "NOOOO!!!  NOT MY SUE Z!!!"  Just as he had crumbled onto the deck 
in tears, he heard another splash.  He jumped up to see what it was, and 
there he saw the most beautiful sight...A dolphin was swimming straight 
towards the boat, Sue Z Q on his back!!  He reached over, grabbed Sue Z and 
held her for quite some time.  Then he turned to thank the dolphin, but he 
was gone.  Gone.  No sign at all.  Bubba decided to cut the three hour tour 
short and head back to dry land.  He held Sue Z Q in his lap in a towel all 
the way to shore.  On the beach that night the two sat around a camp fire 
eating s'mores and Sue Z Q told Bubba all about her adventure with the 
dolphin.  Occasionally if they were very quite and held their breath, they 
thought they could hear the dolphins singing in the distance.  From then on, 
the two only ate dolphin safe tuna, and so should you.
