---
title: soml 15-apr-1998
tags: soml
author: Rob Nugen
date: 1998-04-15
---

<title>State of My Life</title>

<p class=date>11:17 Wednesday 15 April 1998</p>
<p>
<b>STATE OF MY LIFE</b>
<p>
<ol>
<li>
My brother Fred and I have been working a bit on some genealogical pages here on my website.  They are not yet available for general consumption, but stay tuned.
</li>
<li>
Wende is going to move into another apartment on May 9.  We have been hanging out lately and still are friends and all that. I am certainly glad and pleased for her!
</li>
<li>
I am way likely to quit my job by 3 July 1998.  I have chosen that as the last possible date because it is just before I want to take 2 weeks off for SWUUSI and ConCon.  I will have just taken a week off for GA.
</li>
<li>
Another possible quit date is 19 June 1998.  This date is just before GA.
</li>
<li>
Another possible date is anytime now.  I've been pretty frustrated with having nothing to work on, except one crap project that is compiling as I write this.
</li>
<li>
There are 4 websites in the webring for people named Rob!  I am way excited about that!  And there are 2 sites in the queue (waiting to be part of the ring, but they haven't added the HTML to actually be part of the ring)  Yayyy!!
</li>
<li>
I am working to create a 1/4 time paid position at my church as a youth advisor.  I will soon need to make some money in ways other than working here.
</li>
<li>
I purchased a ZIP drive last night and am in the process of getting a new computer to replace the one that work gives me.  I am planning to get about a Pentium 133 with 32 megs memory and two 1 or 2 gig hard drives.  One drive will be Windoze 95 and one will be for Linux.
</li>
</ol>
</p>
