---
title: soml 22-sep-1998
tags: soml
author: Rob Nugen
date: 1998-09-22
---

<title>State of My Life</title>

<p class=date>Tuesday 22 September 1998<br></p>
<p>
<b>STATE OF MY LIFE</b>
<p>
<ol>
<p><li>I have mostly recovered from losing my hard drive, and I am more careful to archive the documents I update regularly. However(!) my disply adapter is only running at 640x480 pixels and 16 colors!  I've tried everything I can think of and I can't get it to do more. Kinda hard to scan pics this way!</li>

<p><li>I had fun at gymnastics tonight - did roundoff back flips and got some that were pretty high compared to normal for me.  I bounced lots on the trampoline too.
<br>Oh and it was weird since I wore my glasses there; I can't tumble with them on, so I was essentially tumbling blind, or at least very blurry.  Kinda fun!</li>

<p><li>I quit my part time job today.  Now It's just me and MR Laboratories, my web design company!  I'm nervous and excited all at once! I opened my business bank account and have tons of tax forms and all kinds of craziness. Come on by <a href="http://www.mrlaboratories.com">www.mrlaboratories.com</a> to see my site there!</li>

<p><li>My dad gave me a clock that we've dubbed "the ball clock."  It has an arm that picks up a marble from the bottom and drops it into the top of the clock once per minute.  With a few simple weighted levers, the balls line up and keep track of time.

<p>This clock has been in our family for years..  Probably like 15 or 20 years.  It's been dormant at my dad's house for as many as 10 years; it's been with my brother for some years, and my brother gave it back to my dad, and my dad gave it to me.

<p>Yay!! I enjoyed watching the clock do its thing for a few weeks.

<p>Yesterday I ripped out the assembly of troughs that guide the marbles to their appropriate levers, which I left intact. My goal is to rebuild the troughs with popsicle sticks!

<p>Really.  Don't laugh!  I can do this, and maybe I'll get pics of it on here (I've been promising a lot of pics on my site lately, haven't I?)</li>

<p><li>Over the weekend I had a Beastie Boys marathon, listening to all their albums over and over, especially _Hello Nasty_, which I really enjoy.</li>

<p><li>Spot, my cat of two years, has been more talkative lately.  He still jumps out the second story window to a branch to go outside, and comes back the same way. I just thought I'd mention him.</li>

<p><li>Starting the second weekend of October, I'll be busy for 6 weekends in a row. Wow..  That includes driving to San Antonio, Lake Texoma (on the border of Texas and Oklahoma, hence the name), and a drive to and from Tulsa.  Crazy!</li>

</ol>
</p>
