---
title: D grrrr
tags: 
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2002-04-16
---

<title></title>
<p class=date>4:22pm CDT Tuesday 16 April 2002</p>

<p>Fuckin' Fuck D sucks shit!</p>

<p>He fucked with one of the datasets jsc_relations and erased some
critical values and it caused an error when he was testing.  I had no
idea he had changed the dataset, much less that he was testing the
changes, so when the log checker saw the error and notified us, I
looked at what had happened and saw that the admin was logged in and
saw an error.  In this case the admin is our client contact at
__redacted__.  But actually D was logged in as her and caused the
error.  I didn't think to look at the IP address to see it was one of
our internal addresses; I just saw the error had happened SIX fucking
times, and it was D each fucking time not fucking telling me, "uh hey,
Rob, I just fucking made a change to the dataset and now I'm testing
it and there's an error" but instead he said <em>NOTHING</em> and I
saw the six errors and shot an email to the group here saying that I
was going to contact the client, and did he say anything then ?  NO!!!
So I took at least 2 minutes to look for her contact information,
PLENTY of fucking time for D to fucking say, "oh that was me" and I
sent her an email saying I saw the errors and I'll let her know when
they are fixed.</p>

<p>THEN D was all, "oh that was probably me testing"  PROBABLY?
WAS IT YOU TESTING OR NOT YOU FUCKING IDIOT???  DO YOU EVER MAKE A
CERTAIN STATEMENT IN YOUR LIFE?  LIKE YOU ARE A FUCKING IDIOT????
FUCK!!!! Oh, so maybe I should *probably* not have sent the email to
the client and you should probably get a fist in the face cause you
suck shit!</p>

<p>I found the problem with the dataset, asked D, "did you modify
the jsc_relations dataset?" ("yeah") fixed the error, during which
time D added, "all I did was blah blah blah."</p>

<p>No, in fact, that is *not* all you did.  You also erased these two
critical values and you suck shit for not paying attention to the work
you do around here!  All sorts of fucking errors are your fault and we
all look like idiots because of it.  Lost a fucking client because of
it.  You suck!</p>

<p>- - - -</p>

<p>So I talked to him; asked if he had gotten the emails that I had
sent to the group.  He claims he did not.  He should be on that
distribution list; I'll check.  He is on the list.</p>

<p>So things are basically better.  I still think he should have told
me when the first error came up, and he thinks I should have told him
as I was sending an email to our group to say I was assuming she had
seen the error.  So we're "even" on that.</p>

<p>BUT(!) I still contend that he should be more careful when
modifying datasets.  Duh!</p>

<p>We've agreed that he is in charge of this project, and any errors
..... I just figured out what it is.</p>

<p>Okay.  D normally seems to be unaware of most things going on
around him.  Like when the phone rings and he is the only one near a
phone.  Or when people have conversations in the same room.  "So what
do you think, D?"  "What?  oh, I wasn't listening" kinda thing.</p>

<p>So why should I suddenly think that he is conscious and watching
for errors caused by the admin of a project?  Why would I think, "oh
D's on the ball; he's not dumb; he'll handle it"??  that's right,
there is no reason for me to think that.</p>

<p>So there.  D is wack and I am right.  </p>

<p>But now we've agreed that he is in charge of the project and any
errors that occur with it are his responsibility to make sure they are
handled.  Fine by me.</p>

