---
title: .2airplane
tags: 
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2002-03-14
---

<p class=date>8:11 pm 14-3-02 (houston time)</p>

<p>Bryn arrived relatively late, but we boarded even later, so it was no worries whatsoever.  'We're going to London, mate!' is our most used phrase.</p>

<p>While we were on the runway, the video screen was displaying our groundspeed and time to destination and it was *completely* inaccurate.  It looked basically like it was the data from the previous flight into Houston, and it believed there were 19 minutes remaining in the flight.</p>

<p>'Only 19 minutes!  Whoohooo!!'</p>

<p>Bryn quizzed me on all my Japanese hiragana flashcards.  I know most of them, but it's quite apparent that I haven't studied in a while.</p>

<p>The movie of the night is Serendipity.  The amazing thing is that we each have a video display imbedded in the seat back in front of us.  I'm listening to the Continental Dance mix.  It's pretty hoppin' techno stuff.</p>

<p class=date>8:27 pm</p>

<p>This is the lap of luxury.  (I don't think I've ever used that term before)  Check this out: </p>

<p><ol><li>Bryn's travel agent Rosemary put us in seats A and C, leaving B empty in between us.  She theorized correctly that no one would end up sitting there; we have an extra seat!  (I told Bryn I'll send Rosemary two postcards for all that goodness!)</li>
<li>We can watch one of 8 different channels, listen to one of 15 different audio channels, or play one of 10 different games.  But I can't play a game and have the audio that I want and play the game at the same time.</li>
<li>But(!) we have an extra seat.  So I am listening to the Continental Dance (ambient trance now) on the empty seat and I'll play the game on my video display.</li></ol></p>

<p>See?  The lap of luxury.</p>

<p class=date>10:09 pm houston time</p>

<p>Bryn and I are tching a bizarre ideo thing animation called Loves Me Loves Me not.  Totally bizarre. by Jeff Newitt.</p>

<p>We watched the end of a silly movie about snowboarders on Bull Mountain with Lee Majors starring as the corrupt businessman.</p>
