---
title: bryn writes
tags: 
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2002-03-14
---

we're on our way.  excuse typos as i am half in the dark and not taking my time.  rob is watching different goofys' (?) battle it out on the football field.  i'm really impressed by the plane so far.  the flight is not entirely full, and rob and i were le
ft with some breathing room which is cool though we did miss out on making new plane-friends, but like fight club, they end when you grab your bags.  i was thinking today about how i'll tell my children, or al children... anyways, how our generation will tell our kids about airports 'back in the day'  the kids will never understand the signifigance of 9/11 kind of like we don't understand the signifigance of the world wars,  they have just beAn related to us through policy changes and cool memorials we are just supposed to understand.  and this is just another one... 'i remember when people could wait just outside the plane to meet their loved ones, but after 9/11, they had to make airports more secure.'  i almost remember (by almost i mean vaguely) remember in california, when we would visit our grandparents, we had to like... wait behind a gate and people would be pushing and crazy stuff all over the tarmac.  think what 'they' would do now if people were pushing each other on the tarmac.  crazy.  i did tech with a guy at school last week who had just goten back  from a 9 week suspension because he told his friends how easy it would be to sneak a bomb into our school,  its still just as easy, but he got to take a 9 week 'holiday' because of it.  weird.  i don't know if this entry has any real relevance to our trip, but its what i started thinking about, and like Joyce we just gotta write what comes to our minds.  -rob is going to brush his teeth? anyways... i'm really excited abut this trip, scared a lot, but excited more  i cn't believe i get to see tanja... i'm living in a dream, i keep asking myself why i'm so lucky, why everything has to be so good.  i guess i just smile and know that somewhere it is right.  =)  i'm seeing my typos now for the first time as i look up from the keyboard.  oops.  i can see my face in the tv screen in front of me.  i wish i could turn it around, or see the people watching me through the camera on the other side!  
     back to thinking about war... only because i can't seem to shake the confusion, and the awe i've felt ever since i saw 'we were soldiers' last weekend... i just... can't believe it.  like, sitting in a damnmovie theatre in okc, all i have to do is close my eyes, or walk out, and its gone.  if i choose, i never have to think about it again.  a lot of people do i think.   but my  god.. how can anyone see something like that and still be able to justify war? i've written a lot about this in my own journal, and i don't know if its appropriate, but i can't stop thinking about.  i can't sympathize, i don't even have the nerve to say i EMpathize.  i will never understand.  who are all those poor soldiers dying for?  for my safety, for my freedom for my right to fly to bloody london for my spring break and type on a handspring visor made in a country where i'm sure we've massacred millions in the name of this flight, and for me.  
    some people choose to fight, i have to remember that.  some people want to die for their country.  some people do it because their fathers did it and THEIR fathers did it.  but not mine, and not me.  i can't... i can't understand.  if i had to go to war, i'd have to hide behind a camera or... i don't know...   but i couldn't do it.  what fuckin right do *I* have to pull the trigger on another human soul.  the guy on my last flight (this jerky republican from houston) in one of our  more civil conversations said something like, 'your body is the software and your soul is thehardware,' but i may have that wrong (i know little about computers) but whatever that means... people have souls.  and what makes my soul different from someone from new york, or new delhi, or wherever.  i can't think of anything.  so maybe i will always be lost and cofused.  maye i will never understand war.  oh well, i'm done.
