---
title: Dream
tags: [ "dream", "dream" ]
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2002-03-26
---

<p class=date>4:30am Tuesday 26 march 2002</p>
<p class=note>(Dream)</p>

<p class=dream>I went back to work at Kroger, back in
Tomball it seemed.  I had just arrived we they were
all, "okay, whoever does the best work helping to
clean up he store will get a prize of some sort."</p>

<p class=dream>I had noticed that on top of the
display cases was enough dust to keep me busy
collecting dust for a while.  So I searched briefly
for a broom and a bucket to collect dust in.  I then
went to the aisle of the store where they might sell
those dust picker upper things (static cloth) and I
found gloves instead.  I found some relatively nice
gloves for $8, which I decided that I could use later,
so I would buy them.</p>

<p class=dream>Put them on and climbed up onto the..
actually there were steps available to climb up the
first couple of feet - items like a upside down bucket
and a stepstool randomly left by the end of the
display case so I climbed easily up on top and found
that the guy who had bee working at Kroger 15 years
ago was still working at Kroger, ad I didn't really
like him then, but I was willing to get to know him
this time and not immediately continue to dislike him.
 He had had the same cleanup idea as me, but he had a
mop instead of a broom, and making a terrific mess of
all the dust because the top of he case was made of
plywood or particle board, so it was soaking up the
water.  He also got sidetracked doing something else,
so he wasn't even working on cleaning up the dust.</p>

<p class=dream>We talked a bit about the new vantage
point from up on the display case; we could see
customers doing silly hings and watch other people
work.  I was sweeping the dust into a pile at the end
of the row and I noticed that my gloves kept coming
off, or I was taking them off and not remembering
it.</p>

<p class=dream>I swept a pretty big pile of dust into
a pile and put on my gloves to begin putting it into
the bucket.  I noticed something like carrot
shreddings in the pile and asked him what they were. 
They were from the small potted plants on the top of
the case that were losing their thin leaves.  Ah. 
that makes sense.</p>

<p class=dream>Walking below us a manager lady was
all, "do you have anyting to do?"</p>

<p class=dream>"no," I stated plainly as I filled the
bucket.</p>

<p class=dream>"then you can leave."</p>

<p class=dream>"What? I was just kidding! gee I
thought it was obvious given that I'm putting a huge
pile of dust and grass clippings into this bag."</p>

<p class=dream>She continued on her way.</p>

<p class=dream>So I was dumping all this grass
clippings and dust into the bucket, and the bucket was
full before I finished, so I had my friend get another
bag or something to put the rest in.  I had a grocery
bag (paper) to pile some in,  but it had some old
clothes in the bottom.  I gave these clothes a mental
blessing  that they would be found by someone who
could use them, but then I had a sense that I sould
not put them in there and I asked my higher self, and
I saw a snake nearby on the forest floor on top of the
freezer case in the store.  I noticed there were
actually three snakes there, and I got out my camera
to take a picture, which I did, and I think it came
out well on the second shot.</p>

<p class=dream>I noticed some more snakes hanging from
the branches of these large pine trees, and walked
cautiously so I wouldn't step on or otherwise
encounter a snake; I didn't know if they were
poisonous or otherwise aggressive.</p>

<p class=dream>I noticed that this freezer case seemed
wider than it had been; used to be that I dould walk
to its edges in a few steps, that I was a bit
concerned about falling off.  Now it was a forest with
a huge grassy plain beside it.  I found an old linux
book from about 1970, which had a description of
procmail as a techniqure for getting rid of spam.</p>

<p class=dream>I began to flip through it as I walked
toward the train, and as reading the book, noticed
that the words were not making sense, and woke up.
</p>
