---
title: End of School
tags: []
author: Rob Nugen
date: 1992-05-05
---

<p class=note>(transcribed from Book Two of my diary)

<p class=date>Monday, May 5, 1992 10:30PM

<p>All my school save finals is over.  Recently we had a test in calc
III for which I had not gone to lecture or done homework or anything.
So I learned all of chapter 14, which covers triple integrals, in one
weekend.  That Monday morning, I woke up and took the test and then
had to work on the VAX to finish up my assembly language program.  I
worked on the program until work. I went to work and then went to bed
immediately after that (9:30PM) I slept until 2AM and then woke up and
showered & got some Chef Boy-ardee pasta and went out to the school.
I VAXed with Maggie who had been awake and on the VAX since like 3PM,
until 8:30 AM when the program was due.  I 'finished' it at 8:20 AM
and waited until precisely 8:30 AM to submit the thing.  Dude.  I got
a 91 on that Calculus test.  I haven't gotten the program back yet.

<p>Today I went through Add/Drop to fix one of my classes.  The
girl/woman who helped me had one blue eye and one green eye.  Oh how
beautiful.  I told her, too.  I wonder if I'll ever see her again.
Maybe not, but her name is Vicki. Maybe I'll hang around that building
more often.  Also today I interviewed for a UPS job.  I told them I
could work 11:30PM to 3AM. Sister Gemma tentatively offered me a job
in the main pharmacy on weekends.  She hasn't gotten it approved yet,
but I'll get it if she does.  And last, after work today, Heather and
I went to Bookstop.  I bought the LISP book that I'll need for next
semester, and <em>Wishcraft</em> by Barbara Scher.

<p>Also, the van brakes are sucking hard, so dad will come out
tomorrow to help me fix those.  I have made a decision to purchase at
least a 386DX/33MHz + 2 meg w/SVGA + 1 meg onboard at the beginning of
summer.  Fred is going to move in with me for 2 months (June &
July). But before that, Maggie is going to move in with me for 2
weeks.  Cool.  I intend to learn C & LISP over the summer.

<p>I met Wendy before school today at Social Work.  We sat at the
computer and she read while I did FTP. I printed out ALL of my mail
messages.  We kissed just as she had to go to class.  My lump in my
breast is not going away.  I may have to have it removed.  That's
about it.  Later
