---
title: kris
tags: 
author: Rob Nugen
date: 1992-05-13
---

<p class=note>(transcribed from Book Two of my diary)

<p class=date>5AM Wednesday, May 13, 1992

<p>Dude "today" was the last day of finals for me.  At 8AM, Heather &
I studied over here for a while before class at 11AM.  11AM was my
Assembly Language final.  I did Ok on it most likely.  After that was
my Physics III final.  I also did well on it.  I didn't study one inch
for either of them.

<p>Today, Molly & Maggie's friend, Kris, came to visit from Illinois
until Saturday.  Cool.  She and I flirted a lot.  Everyone went to
Star Pizza today after finals.  Everyone = Me, Maggie, John, Jeanine,
Greg, Molly, Kris, Heather, & Pierre.  That was cool.  Then we went to
the dorms and played card games.  Pouce, Cancellation Hearts & Nuclear
War.  Then we all went to House of Pies.  We all = Me, Laura, Jeaning,
Kris, Molly, MArcel, Steve, Judy, & Greg.  Then we came back to the
dorms.  On the way to House of Pies, I was in the back seat with Kris
and I nibbled her ear a bit and nibbled the back of her neck.  When we
got back, she blew/nibbled my ear and gave me an 'eargasm'.  Cool.
Right in front of Laura & Molly, & Jeanine, too.  Then at the very
end, Kris was on Molly's bed and I was on the bean bag with Molly.
Kris said, "come let me blow your ear again."  So I agreeably jumped
up and lay down to let Kris do my ears.  After a while, we were just
laying there, and she said, "well, if you're going to fall asleep,
come get under the covers."  So I did.  We cuddled for a few minutes
until Laura told me that she'd prefer if I left.  I figured Laura was
probably right, so I did.  I gave Kris a hug and told her simply,
"I'll see you later."  Molly walked out with me, and she & I went to
Jeanine's for a while.  We talked about nothing and I gave Jeanine a
back massage.  At about 4:30AM I told them I had to go to bed, so I
gave Jeanine big major hugs, since she'll be goen (today) tomorrow
while I'm at work.

<p>Also today, I bought my SEX Madonna shirt from Kim for $6.00.  I
love it.  On the front it has Madonna wearing next to nothing and it
says "S E X" on it.  On the back, it has her again and it says "sex
and Malice". I'm going out with Lucy tomorrow (today) after work and
I'll be back at the dorms on Thursday. Later (5-13-92 5:25AM)
