---
title: kris
tags: 
author: Rob Nugen
date: 1992-05-15
---

<p class=note>(transcribed from Book Two of my diary)

<p class=date>3AM Friday

<p>God! I didn't realize it was this late.  Today I went out to the
dorms and played frisbee with Marcel & helped people move out and
watched the Simpsons.  Before that, Molly, Kris and I went to Pizza
Hut for pizza. I massaged Kris' foot while we were eating.  They were
both sitting across from me and I got Kris to put her foot beside me
& I took her shoe off and rubbed her foot.  At one point, after the
Simpson's, Kris and I were suddenly alone in the hallway and we
started to french kiss for about a minute.  Cool.  We all went to
House of Pies and ate.  Kris paid more attention to Greg than to me,
but I didn't let it bug me at all.  We got back to the dorms and then
I left.  Kris walked me out and we made out for about 3 minutes
including crotch rubbing (through shorts) (her crotch on my leg) (and
a little pelvis grinding) and me pinching her nipples.  At the end,
she said she wished it could continue, but she needed to get back.  So
she walked back and I drove home and jacked off and then wrote this.

<p>Oh- also today, Tammy moved her shit out and Jodi & Maggie & Molly
(& Jeanine via Molly) Moved stuff into here.  Jodie's stereo & Greg's
refrigerator, which is by my bed now.  Maggie is going to move in
tomorrow for 1 week.  Ultimately cool.  I also bought 2 CD's.  Wayne's
World Soundtrack and Siouxsie & the Banshees Peepshow.  I have to work
"tomorrow" until 8:30PM, but I'll be back out to say "HI." after that.
I will be at Kroger work on Saturday until 4PM, and most of them will
be gone after that.  Sigh.... I'm going to miss everyone.  Later - Rob
