---
title: move Out
tags: []
author: Rob Nugen
date: 1992-05-17
---

<p class=note>(transcribed from Book Two of my diary)

<p class=date>12:18 AM, Monday, May 17, 1992

<p>Maggie is here with me to help with this entry.  On Friday, we
moved the rest of Maggie's stuff just before work, during which time
Marcel and I did our Hans and Frans imitation.  They are 2 body
building characters on Saturday Night Live.  "I'm Hans" "Und I'm
Frans."  unison: "We're here to move.." <CLAP> "You out!"  "Hey Hans,
do you need some help with that single sheet of paper?  I know it must
be very heavy for you."  "No. I could carry all of these boxes with
one pinky." etc etc.  Fun stuff.  Then I went to work.  Then I came
back to the dorms at about 9PM.  Molly & Kris were nowhere.  Maggie &
Eric & Marcel had gone to see Split Second.  So I simply helped
different people move.  I helped Casey and a girl named Salena (sp)
move some stuff.  Salena is tall and smart & funny and wears no
shoes.  Cool.  At one point I was eating some Thin Mints in exchange
for moving boxes and I was dancing around.  Salena looked at me
(accurately) as if I was crazy.  I told her that cookies make me
dance.  She gave me a raised-eyebrow intrigued look and said, "I'll
remember that."  We'll see.

<p>After a while, I met up with Molly and Kris and Greg.  Kris did not
flirt with me as much as she did the previous night, but I didn't
mind.  I knew that I shouldn't expect anything from her necessarily.
After another while, we (Molly, Kris, Greg & I) were headed for House
of Pies.  While driving out of the parking lot, we caught up with
Maggie Eric & Marcel.  So <em>All</em> of us went for the official
last House of Pies trip of the semester.  It was fun, but kind of
sad.  I'm going to miss that this summer.  After House of Pies, Maggie
& I got her shelves from her room and then drove her to my house.  We
talked about nothing and tentatively planned our week.

<p>The next morning (Saturday) I went to Kroger from 8AM to 4PM. I
might get to do some stuff on the computer there.  Cool.

<p>After work, Maggie & I went with Heather and Pierre shopping for
groceries.  Maggie paid for it in exchange for getting to spend the
week here.  Heh heh. I get the best of both worlds!  Free food and
Maggie for a week!  We also went to Sound warehouse where I bought a
CD of Blondie for the song "French Kissing in the U.S.A." and Duran
Duran <em>RIO</em>. Cool.  We also rented and watched DarkMan at
Heather's.  After the movie, (John came over right at the end of the
movie) I rubbed Heather's feet and back for a while, while Pierre
played computer and John & Maggie giggled & licked eachother.
Actually, Maggie would lick John's cheek just to see his reaction.
Then Maggie, John & I went to my house and then John went home.  I was
darn tired and slept soundly until work.  I got off work at 6:PM
(Kroger) and then came home to Maggie & tuna casseole.  My dad came
over and swapped the van, whose brakes need to be fixed, for Fred's
Volkswagon bug, whose everything needs to be fixed.  Then Maggie & I
played the Truth portion of Truth or Dare.  She asked what was the
kinkiest thing I had ever done.  I told her about Tammy sticking the
frozen table knife handle up my ass while I jacked off laying on my
back on her kitchen table at her Stillwater house.  We talked until
John came over and he ate and then left at bout Midnight.

<p>Yesterday Maggie asked me, "so, Rob, does it turn you on to see
Mickey crawling on me?"

<p>I laughed.  She laughed.  After a while I told her that it doesn't
turn me on any more than just her standing there.  so she said, "How
does this turn you on?" and basically grabbed me and started to french
me.  I was more than willing to return the kiss, so I moved us to my
bed, where we rolled around and kissed for a good half hour.
<em><b>NOT!</b></em> Heh heh.  just kidding.  We didn't kiss.  Really.

<p>Tomorrow we plan to do laundry and then buy a rat for Mickey, and
John will come watch him eat it with us.  Later


