---
title: Maggie
tags: []
author: Rob Nugen
date: 1992-05-20
---

<p class=note>(transcribed from Book Two of my diary)

<p class=date>Wednesday, May 20th 1992 (Same day) 10PM

<p>I told Warner at work today about my letter in the mail.  He said
it was probably a scam, but wished me good luck.  He said, "I'll
believe it when I see it."  

<p>Maggie cooked the turkey that I had in the freezer.

<p class=date>12:05AM

<p>Molly just called.  That was fun.  We put her on speakerphone and
made jokes about sex and what me and Maggie have (not) done together.
Speaking of Maggie,

<p class=message>Hellody!

<p class=message>I get to write in Rob's Journal... I get to write in
Rob's Journal!  My hand writing is really bad tonight (sorry).  Rob,
you've asked me to write some of my thoughts in here.  Here's what
I've got to say: (We got interrupted, it's 1:25 now)

<p class=message>I appreciate so much that Rob has let me stay with
him this week.  I did not want to stay at anyone else's place for one
reason or another.  I am so thankful to have Robert as my friend; I
can't even say.  He is great to me.  He helps me study and relax and
do work (carry papers).  He helped me move in at Christmas, out at
Christmas and out this very May.  He's done me more favors than I can
possibly repay and I am very thankful.  Not only is all this true, but
he's polite and doesn't pressure me to do anything but be true to
myself.

<p class=message>Yes, Robert.  You have all this to your name and all
packaged in a body qui serais un ecureil tris mignon.

<p class=message align=right>- Maggie (1:31 am)

<p class=date>10PM (same day) Thursday May 21, 1992.

<p>Today I went to Dr. Descant and he said to cut my lump out.  So
tomorrow at 6:30 AM I'll be at the hospital.  The surgery is scheduled
fro 7:30 AM.  I'm going to BEG Dr. Bonefas for local anesthesia; I
want to watch her cut it out.  Maggie said I should get a cam-corder
and record the event for later viewing.  Heh heh.

<p>Tammy is going to drive me to and from the hospital tomorrow, and
if I feel OK in the afternoon, I'll have an open-house stitches
viewing party.  Cool.  There was something else, but I don't
remember.  later.


