---
title: workin
tags: [ "work" ]
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2015-04-07T11:47:10+09:00
---

## 11:47 Tuesday 07 April 2015 JST

I've essentially finished a maze today for a person on Fiverr.

## 12:20

Finished changes to the bodyandsoul dev site.

## 14:50

I made some changes to the AB website which only I can see.  They
asked me to estimate how long it would take and I ended up just doing
it to confirm my time estimate was accurate.  I added code like, "if
userID == 1" to block the execution unless I'm the one logged in.

## 15:31

Hmmm interesting!  I'm listening to
[Serial](http://serialpodcast.org/) so now I want to record every
minute of my days!

I'm here at sbstrm office; my shoes are off and I'm working on
updating the Japanese apps.

## 15:51

Amazing.  itunes.apple.com doesn't work in Safari on iOS simulator.
Why would that be?

## 16:02

I just did 30 pushups in one .. "sprint"?  What does one call a series
of pushups?  I'm up to 753 for the month, so I'm 53 ahead of schedule
of 100 pushups per day in April.  That's great because I was 200
behind schedule as of the morning of April 3rd.

## 17:17

Aha!  I got a message from Y last week saying she couldn't take her
lesson at 7pm.  That matched the info from M, so I was like, "no
worries!"

I got to my 5pm lesson location to meet K and she wasn't there....
OOOhhhh the message from Y was actually from K who must have meant
5pm, not 7pm.  I guess!!

So I went up to a super-non-smoking coffee shop to work on latest
Unity project with no tutorial training wheels!  So far I've got the
world's one and only git commit
6e1d44ad623c6c2b31c8d04487b60893f94be2a9 with
[`README.md` and `.gitignore` for Unity](https://github.com/thunderrabbit/unity3d-starter)
fully set up!!

