---
title: Dream
tags: [ "dream" ]
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2015-04-18T06:23:41+09:00
---

## 06:23 Saturday 18 April 2015 JST

<p class="dream"> In an open area wher people wer playing sports, a
guy was hitting baseballs toward a wal and sometimes the balls would
go astray so I went to pick one up and throw it to him.  As I
approached it he said, "free sex if you touch my ball" so I jokingly
stopped and didn't touch it.  He recoverd the baseball and threw it
hard at me.  I flinched and didn't want to be hit so I told him to
stop, but he kept doing it.  I left the area and went back into a
hallway and he pursued me. I spoke strongly to him and some guys were
like "whoah" and stepped away, but I said to them, "go ahead" and "he
won't bother you" and he didn't, but he let them ggo by and came after
me again.  I went outside while I was hearing story about an old
Japanese yakuza guy who used to come to an area where he had lots of
girls every night, and one day he came during the day, and got pissed
off because his favorite TV show wasn't on.  That's what these rich
people are like, thinking the whole world caters to them 24/7" and as
I got outside, I thought I was free of the mean baseball guy, but then
someone pointed me out to him as he came outside.  <span
class="near-lucid">I realized I could choose not to be hurt, so I
imposed that desire on the scene and the attacker stopped,</span> but
I soon woke up.  </p>
