---
title: Dream
tags: [ "dream" ]
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2015-04-27T08:24:18+09:00
---

## 08:24 Monday 27 April 2015 JST

<p class="dream"> At a shop selling food: healthy brown rice and stuff
cooked, I bought something and was counting things I had bought: a lot
of empty bottles and received 20,000 yen change but hadn't paid that
much.  The employee said it was okay so I kept it, but didn't
understand the logic.  But I couldn't remember the overall transaction
so assumed it was correct. She asked if I want to have some brown rice
and I was like, "sure!" and she seemed a bit taken aback that I had
accepted her offer, and I countered with "you can use the rice I just
bought" but she ignored me and went into the back to get something.
</p>

---

<p class="dream"> Outside at a park with outdoor concrete table and
Maggie and some guys we didn't know, one passerby took a photo of his
friend's butt, who was like, "hey that's my butt! don't post that
photo" and I joked "well if it's just the butt you have pluasible
deniability: 'that's not my butt!'"  and I said as an aside to Maggie,
but then what if the uncropped photo is released? oops!" and she
laughed.  The guy realized we were friends and offered / asked to take
our picutre.  We put our heads together and I put my arm around her
and the cameraguy asked where we were connected, as if it made a
difference for the photo.  I said at the shoulder and then another guy
came up and got into the photo on Maggie's other side.  I realized I
could barely see the camera over the table and was worried about being
hardly visible in the photo, though the photo crasher guy was well
visible on the camera side of the table.</p>
