---
title: Dream
tags: dream
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2003-05-01
---

<p class=date>8:46am JST Thursday 1 May 2003</p>

<p class=dream>I had come back to the US and was at Maggie's house.
She lived in a set of condominiums and the pizza guy who was her
friend came to deliver a pizza to some people at the pool, but the
pool was closed and he had no way to know who had been there, nor
where they were now.  So he asked if Maggie would take the pizza,
which she did, but she wrote a note with her umbrella in the cheese,
like she drew a pictogram of the people at the pizza place telling him
"Go take this pizza to the pool" and then him at the pool encountering
a "POOL CLOSED" sign.  Pretty effective for a cheese drawing.</p>

<p class=dream>Maggie and I were chillin' on the bed and were
beginning to be affectionate and then were like "whoops! can't do
that!" and I went home.</p>

<p class=dream>I came home to a big house and needed to throw away
parts of a sandwich.  I went outside to throw it out and I saw a half
dazed crow outside the back porch kinda leaning against the wall like
it was sick.  It turned out to be a half cat half crow.  Like cat body
and face but little wing nubs and a beak.  Very weird.</p>

<p class=dream>The back yard sloped downward steeply away from the
house, so when I looked out into the forest, it was into the forest of
branches with tree trunks below my line of vision, not into a forest
of tree trunks with branches above.  At my eye level, discarded and
caught by the trees and beginning to rust and merge with the
environment was an entire passenger train.  I could only imagine the
previous owners of this house we were in would be surprised to see
this new addition to the back yard.</p>

<p class=dream>I was living with Rie (or was it Koko) and I asked her
if she had a camera so I could take a picture of the crow-cat.  She
did and I gave her a one armed hug from behind.</p>
