---
title: Fred's suggestion
tags: []
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2003-05-02
---

<p class=date>8:18am JST Friday 2 May 2003</p>

<p>Fred commented on my journal:</p>

<pre>
> Soon as I got into work Steve was all, "what's going on with your
> shoes?" cause I'm wearing some oh-god-say-it-isn't-so!!! light brown
> leather shoes. Man fuck that. I lied something like, "oh, I didn't
> have a chance to get home and change; I chose to be here on time than
> to have my other shoes." Bite me.

Dude, I have to make the hateful suggestion.  Your coworkers at Nova
probably don't read your journal yet, but IMO you have to assume that
they will eventually as they come to know you, since it's such an
integral part of your life.  You have to assume that eventually,
uncool people will read your website, and, eventually, people will see
how much you disdain Steve.  Steve is not he kind of guy who will
support your freedom of speech, and may have the power to mangle your
career.  

I can't suggest any more that you "be a good boy," because clearly
Steve is a micromanager who isn't capable of letting you make
decisions for yourself.(*) I can only suggest that you find a way to
get away from him as soon as possible, because the longer you work
under him, the more you will hate Nova specifically and your Japan
experience generally.  None of us want that.  Find the cool important
people and impress them.  See what magic they can work for you.  In
the mean time, I think you should make private the things you say
about him, lest they make trouble for you in the future.  I know you
hate to censor yourself, and I'm sure you've done an admirable job so
far--I'm sure that in your private journal there are things so
poisonous as to get you fired.  I think you need to go further and,
yes, censor more.

I've been thinking of suggesting this ever since you started talking
about Steve.  This entry seems to take things a step further than you
really want to go.  

(*)I suggest that you think of it like this:  His criticism of you
simply demonstrates his own inability to be a good manager.  He
comments on every little detail the same way Karen does because he is
incapable of helping people grow the way you have been doing for six
years and counting.  I know it grates upon everything you base your
life upon, and I'm sorry.  

I hope you are getting enough satisfaction from your interactions with
your students to overshadow your boss' poor management skills.  

Love,
g
</pre>

<p>Fred is certainly far wiser about office politics than I; for the
past several years he's been studying/teaching in so many different
universities' upper eschelons that I can't quickly remember them
all.</p>

<p>This ultimately comes down to a cultural shift (journals online)
and the question just how much is too much as applied to each person's
specific case.</p>

<p>One side of me cries "free speech, beeotch!" and wants to censor
nothing.  There are actually quite few private entries in my journal
nowadays; the private ones are fun AIM chats and the like (my
definition of fun).</p>

<p>When I look at the overall larger huger picture, I see myself in
Japan for a year, and my journal online for way more many years than
that.  For some reason I am driven to lay it all out here, and am
allowing myself more freedom to do such.  Really, I want my journal to
become really wildly popular (of course!  who doesn't dream that?) and
actually generate some sort of income for myself. (*)</p>

<p>(*) mostly I want this to happen organically.  There are times when
I consider the latest amazinge money making scheme (not like "add your
name to the top of the list," but like "get $5 every time a friend
signs up for paypal" (or some other apparently reputable company)) but
ultimately I have turned down all these.  I'm open to the idea of
someone saying "hey man, I love your site; here's a million dollars,"
but I want that reason to be for me.  It's like Eddie Murphy's (main)
character in _Coming To America_; he didn't want the girl to know how
wealthy he was, he just wanted her to like him.  Wait.  It's not like
that cause I'm not heir to a nation. ..  But I know what I'm trying to
say.</p>

<p>I want my journal to be my own creation and my own representation
of my own thoughts (as any good journal should be).  I try not to
write to an audience (though I know it happens) and I'm getting better
at that, for truly I want two possibly conflicting things:</p>

<p>.) </p>

<p>Shit I just forgot both of them.</p>

<p>I want to write whatever I write, and I want people to love
*exactly* what I write.  Not because I write it for them, but because
I allow people to glimpse my world.  I don't try to create conflict
just so there's something juicy; I just live my life and the juicy
bits come up.  And I still just write in my plodding "and then I did
this. and then I did that." style.  Slowly that's changing as I learn
ways to express my emotional state.</p>

<p>Ironically I gotta go to work.  Maybe I'll get back to this.</p>

<p>Short version:  I'm not censoring.  I think I can last a year and
not tell anyone lethal in Japan about my journal.</p>
