---
title: Flat
tags: []
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2003-05-03
---

<p class=date>9:02am JST Saturday 3 May 2003</p>

<p>Got a flat tire on the way to work.  One guy said I needed to walk
5km to something that would help me.  One guy a couple hundred yards
down had a tire pump.  But the tire has an unignorable leak.</p>

<p>On a bus now; should make it to work in plenty of time.  Bus cost
210 yen.</p>

<p class=date>9:15am</p>

<p>Easy shmeezy.</p>

<p>I made it to work even before the staff arrived with a key.</p>

<p>They still haven't arrived.</p>

<p>One opportunity I have now is getting *back* to my bike.  I don't
know the name of the place where it's located.  I could *walk* to it,
but I'm not sure what bus to take to get back to it quickly enough to
make it back to the place.</p>

<p>(staff is here - to be continued)</p>

<p class=date>6:12pm</p>

<p>Hmmmm</p>

<p>So I looked at the map and it appeared that this bus was going the
way I want to go, but now it doesn't seem quite as clear.  I may be
going in some wrong-ol-moosebreath direction</p>

<p class=date>8:21pm</p>

<p>Made it home.  Long walk.  Thankful to have recovered my bike.  Too
tired right now to describe how people heard me trying to communicate
with the bus driver and one girl came up with pretty good English "can
I help you?" and I tried to communicate what I could about where my
bike was located and it was so frustrating cause I know it in terms of
pictures and maps, but not in Japanese, and hardly in English cause I
don't know even the names of the streets.  I thought I knew the
highway numbers, but I was off a bit.  I thought it was Route 15, but
it was Route 140.</p>

<p>This old cat was all, "oh I'm getting off there" and it was
frustrating more because as I was realizing I had gotten on the wrong
bus, and knew where I oughta go, I was engaged with them and couldn't
just be all, "oh nevermind; I got it" cause they wouldn't understand
what I was saying.</p>

<p>So I said arigato a lot and followed this guy to another bus cause
that's what he thought was the right thing and..  really yes, he did
at least get me to the right street, and I was overjoyed when I was
all, "oh!" and I recognized where I was.  I had misguessed one thing
because I was hoping I was on the Tsunashima side of a landmark, but I
was on the other side, and then I saw another landmark and bang I was
oriented.</p>

<p>and I had a hike to get to my bike.</p>

<p>It took probably 30 minutes to get to my bike and then an hour to
get home after that.</p>

<p>Sigh.  Laura's last day was today.  Several work peeps are out
celebrating with her and ... I dunno if I want to go out or not.</p>

<p>I want to study; I'm tired; I gotta get up early.</p>

<p>I want to meet more people; I want to have a support network in the
world; I'm hungry.</p>

<p>I'll go.</p>

<p class=date>11:48pm</p>

<p>Soon as I got there, people were leaving.  Like I met them as they
were crowded around the door to get out.</p>

<p>I did meet Terry though; he seems cool and used to work at
Kawasaki.</p>
