---
title: Dream
tags: [ "dream" ]
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2003-05-04
---

<p class=date>7:49am JST Sunday 4 May 2003</p>

<p class=dream>I was with friends in a house on the beachfront.  The
house had thick glass walls like an inch thick facing the water.
Across the water I could see a train bridge and maybe a train
station.  We were talking in the living room and suddenly there was a
large swell of waves and the waves were gushing into the house, though
they were dampened by the walls they weren't completly stopped.</p>

<p class=dream>I was afraid for the safety of my computer and asked if
the hosue would remain standing and I was assured it would.  I ran up
the hall and another wave came causing a river of water to flood down
the hall toward me.  I knew I could just stand carefully and let it
flow by.</p>

<p class=dream>I saw a friend of mine out on the beach and he was
pretty far away and possibly in dangered by the waves.  I stood by an
automatic door in the hallway and it opened; I hoped he saw it.  I
heard the yammeryammer Japanese voice greeting as the door opened.</p>

<p class=dream>After the water went by, I ran down another hall
looking for the room where I had left my computer and I went past many
rooms with science experiment looking things, or like science museum
displays that would appeal to various ages.  They were all in glass
rooms and I didn't go investigate them more fully.</p>

<p class=dream>I got to my computer and it was in a room where a
little robot was supposed to be cleaning a miniature floor.  This was
an experiment in artificial intelligence, so I knew this was "just" a
robot, but it seemed to have a good ability to speak English sensibly
if innocently.  It cleaned for a while and then the tray got more and
more full of rice, making it impossible to get everything; the robot
needed a different tool besides just a buffing wheel; it needed a
shovel.  But it kept working anyway, knowing it was doing that which
it had been asked to do.</p>

<p>- - - -</p>

<p class=dream>I got back to Kawasaki and Carla told me that she and
Benny were going to some bed and breakfast type thing down down down
somewhere and she was really looking forward to it, and I was envious
that Benny had already been so bold as to get her to go out with him,
etc even though she's been working here for years and he's been here
the same month+ that I have.</p>

<p>(beastie boys reference intentional)</p>
