---
title: Dream
tags: [ "dream" ]
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2003-05-05
---

<p class=date>7:52am JST Monday 5 May 2003</p>

<p class=dream>I had clocked out of a different work 10 minutes early
where the boss tried to be in such control that he wanted me to pay
him for the final 10 minutes, or at least not get paid for them.</p>

<p class=dream>He asked me until what time I worked and I'm like
"around midnight" and he's all, "well this says you clocked out 10
minutes early."  (well then that's how late I worked) and in my mind
I'm like, <em>dude, did you want me to clock out later even though I
wasn't doing any work?</em> but didn't say anything except like, "I'll
pay you the money right now; it's not a big deal."</p>

<p class=dream>Then later he came over to my house and I lived with a
bunch of tough guys or mafia guys or something and my boss came over
and had four little dogs with him.  He knocked on the door to ask
about the ten minutes and the two younger (misbehaving) dogs came
inside.  He didn't apologize but immediately was all giving orders to
his other two dogs to go get the first two dogs when I was like,
"there should be no dogs in this house" and suddenly women and
children were screaming in fear behind me (they were apparently afraid
of little dogs) and I'm yelling at my boss, "you do NOT let dogs into
MY house!" blah blah and then "I need some help here!" I called to my
goons inside and one of them came out and the boss guy was suddenly
all scared, "don't hurt my ears!" and I said "don't hurt his ears" to
my goon who kinda rolled his eyes and grabbed the guy's shoulders and
put him up against the wall and probably would have done anything I
said, but with all the emotions running around I woke up.</p>
