---
title: AM
tags: []
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2003-05-06
---

<p class=date>8:11am JST Tuesday 6 May 2003</p>

<p>Last night Janette called around 10pm.  I had already gone to
sleep, and had earplugs in (to keep me sleeping while Matty and Frank
are still awake) so it took me a bit to notice, wake up, answer.</p>

<p>Wow.  Good to hear from Janette; I just wanted to cry at times,
which I couldn't do for some reason; maybe cause really I was just
talking to a voice on the phone and not a real live Janette.</p>

<p>Expressed to her the angst I'm going through in this transition
from US to Japanese life - internet connectivity.  I've got to wean
myself off email and it's killing me - I don't want to "let my friends
down" ... which I know is a concern not completely based in truth, but
it's still there.  I'm afraid to be alone; that's one of my deepest
fears - afraid to lose my friends.  Afraid that my ex-YRUUers will
think I've forgotten about them, when really they still show up in my
dreams (Jason called me last night in a dream (or maybe I called
him)).</p>

<p>I wondered if this is a natural..  no it's natural for me, so it's
natural..  i wonder if this is common, or predictable.  I've got to
release; oops my brain is in overdrive on tangents now.</p>

<p>* grand irony <em>I've got to release <b>right now</b></em> when
struggle only causes tightening</p>

<p>* I've got <em>fans</em> that I've never met!  This is *exactly*
what I've wanted, and I'm like shit!  How do I keep them??? please
don't leave!  And I want to send everyone an email "thanks for reading
my site; I really appreciate it!  you're the best!!" but I can't
realistically spend time doing that cause then I won't be living my
dream, learning Japanese, traveling around, making my site
<em>worth</em> reading in the first place!</p>

<p>((A friend of mine published a web zine called The Texas Gazette (I
dunno if it's still around) but at one point she got featured as a
site of the month on some high traffic site and *BANG* she got a
million emails and she tried to respond to all of the <em>emails</em>
instead of focusing on her publication.  I'll never forget that story
even though parts of me are tempted to tiptoe down that path.))</p>

<p>So.</p>

<p>I read and <em>appreciate</em> every non-spam non-forward email I
get.  Some of the forwards are good too.  Right now my time is
shredded by work, walking everywhere my bike won't seem to take me,
practicing Japanese</p>

<p>Grrrrrrrrrr  why am i making excuses?</p>

<p>I choose not to respond to all the emails I get.  I still love
you.</p>

###comments

<p><b>Name:</b> j

<p><b>Email:</b> dreamon412@ *redacted*

<p><b>Subject:</b> love and fame

<p><b>Comment:</b>
<br>i like this line_ "i wonder if this is natural- no, it's natural to me, so it's natural"  <br>
  i am glad i called you; i'm thankful you can talk to me about  important issues in your transition.  <br>
  "I choose not to respond to all the emails I get. I still love you." good choice<br>
  you express fear that you will lose your fans,more importantly ,your yruu'ers<br>
if you do not respond to their emails in kind. you don't want to lose their love and interest in you.  isn't your journal the way to let people keep up with you without having to address each one of us?<br>
  do people read your journal because they love you?  or do they read it because it's interesting? initially, perhaps, it was affection for you as a person that led a reader to your site.  if your site, that is, your writing style and the content(thoughts, dreams,rants,a day in the life diary,feelings, funny episodes, etc.),if all this did not have merit on its own, do you think you could maintain new fans' interest and even the attention of your old beloved friends?<br>
  this may be off the track.  you were anxious about returning emails.  i am talking about reaching people thru your journal.<br>
  here's this: how can you give and receive love in a way that keeps you connected to the one's you love and to the ones you don't know but who love you?<br>
  love= action,work<br>
   action of love =discipline, attention<br>
     attention=time, listening,responding with thought only of the other's growth<br>
     discipline=extending oneself in a healthy way so all parties benefit<br>
     this choice to love  well takes energy.  you only have so much energy.  maybe you have to choose which few you can love well.  the others will have to be content with loving you, not because you return their love (attention) but because of who you are. how you live your life.  you may hold the feeling of love for them but cannot possibly respond to each because you are busy living your life that is so interesting( the texas gazette syndrome).  and living your life in a free, conscious, loving , healthy way, is what makes it interesting and inspiring to others.<br>
    alot of this comes from my interpretation of -the road less traveled-and how it applies to your quandry<br>
   does it make sense?

