---
title: Dream
tags: dream
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2003-05-07
---

<p class=date>8:11am JST Wednesday 7 May 2003</p>

<p>Japanese words are more often showing up in my dreams. A few
Japanese patterns of speech are beginning to feel natural.</p>

<p class=dream>A kid was on the street corner with a yoyo ball thing
that he was throwing toward the street and then yanking it back well
before it hit any traffic.  Then he'd throw it again and yank it back.
He missed catching the ball a few times and was unaware that when he
missed it, he almost hit a woman walking behind him.  This happened a
few times and she was patiently not saying anything but he kept doing
it unaware and I went over to say something to him.  I did so in a
very loving way and he had pretty blue attentive eyes.  I told him
this and he smiled.  I blessed him and the yoyoball toy and went on my
way.</p>

<p class=dream>Found it strange, but not unsettling that I didn't
flirt with the woman, didn't look carefully into her eyes and tell her
how pretty they were.  Didn't even know what color they were.</p>

<p class=dream>Went about my way and noticed that *I* had the
yoyoball; somehow I had forgotten to give it to the kid when I left.
I toyed with tossing it a few times in this large empty gymnasium
thing but found I wasn't very good at it.</p>

<p class=dream>Then I saw a large clear plastic sink full of water -
about 2.5 feet on a side and the drain had just been opened and I was
delighted to see a tight whirlpool all the way from the top to the
bottom of the sink.  I stared down the whirlpool like it was a reverse
telescope or looking down a long tunnel in a fun house.  I love
whirlpools.  The physics is just so magical.</p>

<p>- - - -</p>

<p>previous dream</p>

<p class=dream>I had just missed the train back home after my year of
being here.  It was bound for Kentucky then Georgia or something wacky
like that.  I had ignored preparation for my trip back home, and
neglected to note that I was supposed to be at the train station by 7
am instead of noon.  Talked to a conductor as I noticed my error and
he noted that the traiin I had intended to take was having a problem
and everyone on the train was getting sick.  I was delighted to have
had my angels' guidance to keep me off a tainted train.</p>

<p class=dream>He asked me where I wanted to ultimately go and by
rerouting the train, everyone on the train recovered and I got to go
where I wanted.</p>

###comments

<p><b>Name:</b> Rich

<p><b>Email:</b> ace4547@ *redacted*

<p><b>Comment:</b>
<br>haha, now ur even dreaming in japanise!  Its so cute/ funny

