---
title: towed again
tags: 
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2003-05-07
---

<p class=date>1:49am JST Thursday 8 May 2003</p>

<p>My bicyle</p>

<p>is gone</p>

<p>again.</p>

<p>- - - -</p>

<p>It's not like I fucking parked it in the middle of the goddam
street!  I parked it IN A BICYCLE PARKING LOT!!!  The motherfucker
gestured toward the lot when I rode the bike up and he didn't say pay
first he just pointed down one aisle of the lot and I'm like "er?" and
he's like just fucking gesturing down the lot so I'm like fine and I
go down the row looking looking looking looking looking and finally
found a spot available and I come back and there's my bike all hunky
dory fine and dandy so then later in the evening when there were MORE
SPACES AVAILABLE IN THE LOT, I parked my bike again, although I'll
<em>admit</em> yes I did not "ask" him if I could and I did not park
it on the same aisle and I did park it for longer but now I get back
and poof the fucking bike is gone.</p>

<p>FUCK!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!</p>

<p>I just want to fucking DESTROY something like all these empty bike
racks just rip them apart but their all made of steel and shit so I
can't and it's <em>polite</em> to destroy private property in Japan
and it's not <em>polite</em> to piss all over someone else's bike
because it didn't get towed and it's not <em>polite</em> to kick the
door open to the police box and start yelling and knocking over
furniture and punching cops in the jaw</p>

<p>FUCK!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!</p>

<p>I've tried to fucking ask people WHERE I can park the bike but no
one knows.  No one has translated to English the rules of this goddamn
fucking fucked up city where HUNDREDS of bikes are parked IN CLEARLY
LABELED <b>NO BICYCLE PARKING</b> ZONES and I can't park in a
designated parking lot?  I can't get instructions from someone..  I
mean not even implicit instructions like hold out your hand if you
want money or anything?????</p>

<p>FUCK!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!</p>

<p>So I went into the police station all humble and like whahwahwah I
lost my bike (AGAIN GOD DAMMIT) and they got some English cat on the
phone and he's all "was it stolen or towed?" and I'm like how the fuck
am I supposed to know they didn't leave a note on my bike; the shit is
<em>gone</em>.  And he's like did you pay money?  No maybe I should
have shoved 1500 yen in the fucker's face and be all take the money
now bitch just don't tow my fucking bike away take the money take it
all I obviously don't FUCKING NEED money in this fucked up
country!</p>

<p>FUCK!!!!!!!!!!!!!</p>

<p>But you know what?  You know what????</p>

<p>I have <em>pinned</em> with a safety pin my old wallet to my wall
with a note</p>

<pre>
                                 I
                             PERSEVERE
</pre>

<p>Fuck you, Japan.  Fuck you.</p>

###comments

<p><b>Name:</b> j

<p><b>Email:</b> dreamon412@ *redacted*

<p><b>Subject:</b> yeeeeeee

<p><b>Comment:</b>
<br>  you are so powerful and scarey and sexy and funny(not POLITE to piss on someone else's bike because it didn't get towed) when you are really pissed off

