---
title: Awake
tags: []
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2003-05-08
---

<p class=date>9:31am JST Thursday 8 May 2003</p>

<p>I'm feeling much better this morning than I did last night.  It
just came as such a shock and I was tired.  I yammered with janette on
the way home - actually I ranted pretty hardcore to her on the phone.
She listened well.</p>

<p>I'm beginning to untie my tongue and just speak without too much
thinking.  My most recent dream included me asking Clayton how to say
something like, "may I check out a movie?" and I just repeated
whatever I thought he said; didn't worry about knowing exactly each
syllable - was it ko or go; was it ti or di - who cares just blurt
something.  Fuckit if it's wrong.</p>

<p>This is wisdom I originally heard from me-an-Wende's Spanish
instructor, and most recently from Chesleigh:</p>

<pre>
He kept telling me to LET GO; to not care about a sentence being
perfect.  He told me that learning a second (or third or ninth..) is
more like learning an art or a sport.  "It is not like learning
algebra."  He thinks that it all happens between the sub and
unconscious and that it will just naturally flow for you once you
learn how to not be stressed by it.
</pre>

<p>With my journal I'm beginning to do the same thing; write what I
want, let my stream of consciousness jump where it wants; let go.</p>

<p>Last night I decided to write an English version of the document
the cops gave me the first time my bike got stolen.  Actually I
decided to write a paper that talks about how not to get one's bike
towed in the first place.  I'll give it to the cops to give out to
foreigners as needed.</p>

<p>First I'm going to study, write a card to Alexis, study, eat,
practice, study, get my bike, practice, etcetera.</p>

###comments

<p><b>Name:</b> j

<p><b>Email:</b> dreamon412@ *redacted*

<p><b>Subject:</b> let it flow, let yourself go

<p><b>Comment:</b>
<br>thanks for the lower case j

<p><hr></p>


<p><b>Name:</b> Ryan

<p><b>Email:</b> rcsmith@ *redacted*

<p><b>Quickly:</b> Hahahahahaha!!

<p><b>Subject:</b> Good idea

<p><b>Comment:</b>
<br>Hey Rob,<br>
<br>
Ryan from OJT and FU(C)T I and FU(C)T II.  Funny site ya got.  I like the bicycle escapes fucking comedy. Take it easy talk to ya soon.

