---
title: best day yet in Japan
tags: []
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2003-05-09
---

<p class=date>12:25am JST Saturday 10 May 2003</p>

<p>Today was the best day in Japan.  My best day yet.</p>

<p>Started off arriving early to Shibuya for my Japanese lesson with
Ayana (even though I got lost on the way there.  Soon as my train
started going the wrong direction (down into a tunnel instead of up
into Shibuya) I noticed.  I had gotten on a train at the right station
and the right direction, but the wrong final destination).  Did pretty
well in the lesson; I basically knew all 12 verbs she had assigned 2
weeks ago.  Got a good appreciation for what my students go through.
One of the students seems to laugh like something is really hilarious
as he's trying to form questions.  I'm like, "what's so fuckin' funny,
just ask a question."</p>

<p>As I formulated questions in my head, I laughed.  Then I realized
that I was laughing in the same situation as he does.  I've got all
these words bouncing around in my head like verbal ping pong balls in
a tornado.  Most of them are English words, all lining up carefully,
ready to come out as questions, but first they all have to jump
through a hoop of translation.  They all jump through and I note that
only one comes out translated.  I put a collar on that word, throw the
rest of the words out and new ones immediately line up (some of the
old ones sneak in because they have frequent flyer miles), and I try
to keep in the line all the words that are wearing collars.  Some of
the words jump through the hoop out of order in an attempt to be
helpful or maybe cause they're just excited and know they can do it.
Some of them jump through the wrong hoop and come out in the wrong
language, usually Spanish.</p>

<p>- - - -</p>

<p>Work today was a breeze at KQ.  Empty lessons and a lot of 1 on 1s
and then the best lesson ever with those hilarious 7Cs, one of whom
was pretty cute.  Her teeth were messed up in a good and crooked way,
but they were clean.</p>

<p>- - - -</p>

<p>On the way home I made flashcards for new verbs and mneumonics to
learn most of them.  I stopped by GeraGera internet cafe and signed up
with findateacher.net.  This is awesome cause it's me beginning to
grab hold of my own financial situation and not just rely on what
money I can make by making money for Nova.  I can give the students
better value for lower cost and I don't have to not use Japanese in
the classroom.  Blah blah all the good things about being self
employed.</p>

<p>- - - -</p>

<p>Finished that, uploaded entries, left and found my bike still
waiting for me at the bike parking lot.  Nice.</p>

<p>Talked to Janette all the way home and when I arrived, found my mom
had sent me a letter and she's planning to come see me in September!
And Janette had sent a box of chocolate!!  Whoohooooo!!  I'm the
luckiest man in all of Japan.</p>

<p>- - - -</p>

<p>"Jesus dude, you've got some dedicated fans."
<br>
<br> - Frank, when I offered chocolate given by Janette</p>

###comments

<p><b>Name:</b> j

<p><b>Email:</b> dreamon412@ *redacted*

<p><b>Subject:</b> ping pong balls in a tornado

<p><b>Comment:</b>
<br>this passage is great-  the visual of words jumping thru the hoop, sometimes the wrong hoop and it comes out spanish, or words rushing the hoop out of order because maybe they're excited.<br>
  you are so funny!  and such an imaginative writer<br>
 <br>
congratulations on mastering the bike parking test<br>
<br>
<br>
and frank- you have no idea

