---
title: Today
tags: []
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2003-05-14
---

<p class=date>1:15pm JST Wednesday 14 May 2003</p>

<p>Today I met with Koko; she was supa tired cause last night she went
out to see <em>Chicago</em> for the third time and her friend missed
the last train.  So they waited at a restaurant until the trains
started again at 4am.  She got to sleep at 5am.</p>

<p>My brain was mush as well, so I couldn't even formulate what I
wanted to learn in Japanese, *and* I hadn't taught her any English
since two weeks ago, so we did mostly English today.  She would write
lines from the movie and I would explain them.</p>

<p>"It wasn't until later when I was washing the blood off my hands
that I even knew they were dead."</p>

<p>"They had it coming."</p>

<p>"I betcha you'd have done the same."</p>

<p>"Who says that murder is not an art?"</p>

<p>"And who in case she doesn't hang can say she started with a bang?"</p>

<p>Because I had lost my old set of flashcards, I had her write my
address on my new set so they'll be returned in case I lose 'em
again.</p>

<p>We traded fucked up sentences in English and Japanese:</p>

<p>"Joe while Pete had had had had had had had had had had had the
teachers approval"</p>

<p>(There's a way to punctuate this so it's correct English.)</p>

<p>Japanese: </p>

<p>(oh wait I'm next at the bank)</p>

<p class=date>2:23pm</p>

<p>The Japanese, when spoken, was like "yammer
niwaniwaniwaniwaniwaniwaniwa yammer" or something like that.</p>

<p>When spelled using kanji, or even hiragana it made more sense.</p>

<p>- - - -</p>

<p>I have withdrawn money for the next month (40,000 yen) and have
10,000 yen left in my account.  Tonight at midnight I'll be paid and I
might send all of that money to my US account.  But first I gotta get
signed up with Lloyd's.  It costs 2,000 yen each time I transfer
money, and if it takes a while for me to get signed up, then maybe it
will be smarter (?) to wait until next month (would have been smartest
to have already gotten signed up with Lloyd's but oh well) to send
nearly two paychecks worth of money over, esp. considering the rumor
is the first Nova paycheck is small since they take out our rent, our
first of three repayments of the 120,000 yen advance (interest free)
and maybe something else.</p>

<p>Shrug.   We'll see.</p>

<p>I've eaten a noodle lunch from Lawson (convenience store) out by a
bayou/river thing in Yokohama.  I imagine I can follow this river back
to Tsunashima which is what I'll find out right now.</p>

<p class=date>3:41pm</p>

<p>Made it back.   Checked out a spillway thing for a bit - wondered
if I could climb down into it without too many legal issues.</p>

<p>Just as I arrived home, Wende called me!! What excellent timing and
great to hear from her. She told me all her latest adventures and
listened to mine.  She's not been doing uber awesomely, her stinky
boyfriend is now her ex-boyfriend and stuff like that.  But she did
get to visit Texas and sees how much she'd prefer to be back there
than to be in San Fran.</p>

<p>I hope she's able to make that transition quickly and easily.</p>

<p class=date>4:09pm</p>

<p>I was gonna read/write emails and go post them, but first I'm gonna
write questions in Japanese to help get my mind wrapped around them
slash infused with Japanese. (Writing questions was my homework for
Ayana due on Friday)</p>
