---
title: night out
tags: []
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2003-05-18
---

<p class=date>12:39am JST Monday 19 May 2003</p>

<p>I'm home now after munching with Andrew et. al. at TGI Friday's in
Shibuya.  Met Allie, an Aussie from Maribara (? (3 hours north of
Brisbane)) and Holly, a person from earth, and some other cats, some
of whom I had previously met.</p>

<p>I enjoyed chatting with Allie; she seemed eager to embrace the
Japanese experience.  She's been here for 1 week and will attend her
orientation tomorrow.  I was like, "OJT sucks a lot" and Andrew and
Holly were all sorta mockingly, "oh Nova's not that bad; it's great"
and I'm like "no really it sucked, but persevere; it will get
better."</p>

<p>We traded Nova stories, including mine today when a woman asked me
about slang and asked about "gonna" and "cuppa coffee" and "fuck
you."</p>

<p>I told her clearly that "fuck you" probably should *not* be used in
any context, but that "fuck" has some applications in itself in very
informal speech.  But for now, she probably ought not use it.</p>

<p>Allie likes _Pulp Fiction_, which gives her good marks, but she
doesn't like most of the popular films that I like.  Why are these
thoughts even in my head if I'm focused on janette?</p>

<p>In college I heard "it doesn't matter where you get your appetite,
just so long as you only eat at home."</p>

<p>I can't say that I've gotten any kind of appetite that's more than
passing, but the vehicle seems to be veering toward that side of the
road at times.</p>

<p>- - - -</p>

<p>What was really bad, and I haven't mentioned this to anyone but
you, so don't say anything was when I was teaching a kid at KQ; she
was about 5 and she went to hug me and I was like freaked cause a hug
is one thing that I want more than most things and I just felt this
overwhelming longing for the biggest hug ever and I was just like
mentally shredded as I slammed on the emergency brakes and threw the
transmission into reverse and paddled backwards like Ralph and at the
same time was all, "oh jeez please hug me," but she didn't; she was
actually reaching for a marker or something and I was like oh shit
that was nutty with a capital nut.</p>

###comments

<p><b>Name:</b> j

<p><b>Email:</b> dreamon412@ *redacted*

<p><b>Subject:</b> don't give up

<p><b>Comment:</b>
<br>oh baby.  i wish i were there to hug you.  i could use a big hug from you, too.   i think that somehow this is a big, important growth lesson for you or it would not be so hard and you would not be going through some pain. <br>
  i feel so helpless when i read about these cute girls in your path.  i'd like to blow then all away. i'd like to not take it personally. <br>
 all i can do is carry on here, be the best i can be, stay clear,just imagine being with you and trust you are living your truth, still clear when i come in september.<br>
  everything we have been through together,(the seperations,resultant correspondence,the growth we attained by working through hard stuff, the fun, the adventures, the sex, the long talks,laughing over goofy shit, even tears); everything we love about each other,(spiriutal, positive world views, our sense of humor, eminem, our connection to young people, our energy, our accomplishments, love of outdoors and walks and biking and sex); the way we believe in each other and inspire each other to be the best; these things are enough to keep us connected until we see each other again.<br>
  i see this 6 months as a great experiment .  i've never done anything like this.  i've never been seperated for so long from someone i love so much. i've never enjoyed sex as much as i have with you.  i've never been with someone so strong in body and good intention.  i've never had  heaven and then watched it walk away. it feels like a test sometimes.  like, if i work hard on being a success in my own right, if i learn how to love rightly, even from afar, i will earn the privilege of being with you again. <br>
 i know, i know.  what i earn is my own self-respect.  but i want your respect, too.  and i want to be with you again. i want to know you know i am worth waiting for.<br>
  hold on.  don't give in.  you can do anything you set your mind to. 

