---
title: Stuff and junk
tags: []
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2003-05-18
---

<p class=date>6:36pm JST Sunday 18 May 2003</p>

<p>I am learning lots about myself while living alone in this big
foreign city.</p>

<p>One thing I haven't learned about myself is that Eminem's music is
being loudy featured on two corners near Shibuya station.  This is a
pretty packed bustling city for a Sunday evening.  One spot was
apparently selling Eminem concert tickets and CDs and shit.  Their
booth sat outside a CD store and loudly played something; I forget
what.  Another was just a video of the song Lose Yourself being
blasted over the bustling din of the crowded intersection below.</p>

<p>What I have learned is that I'm intimidated to talk to people cause
maybe cause I think they are too busy to talk to me, or I get scared
about the language barrier.  And then with all this Eminem shit going
on I'm like damn he made it and he's younger than me.  How did he make
it?  Why am I using Em as a role model? Fame. Apparent fame and riches
and wonderful lifestyle which I know he doesn't have as completely as
my brain maybe portrays.</p>

<p>I can sit and people-watch like this group of no they're boring.
This girl wearing a booty bag of an outer space theme or dammmmm this
cat with a huge fucking fro wig on.  That's hilarious.    Or these
micro short skirts and spikey high heels (oh he just took his wig off
and now it's on his friend's head)....</p>

<p>- - - -</p>

<p>Thanks to Eminem's lyrical encouragement in "Lose Yourself," I
asked some guys where I could find an internet cafe.  That was the
success in itself.  Not finding it, not using it.   Well finding it,
yes, but mostly just asking them.  Getting over that silly fear in my
head.  Silly fear.</p>

<p>I got to the cafe, but I couldn't use my computer there.  They did
have one cool thing; wait service at the individual cubicles.  Far as
I could tell, a customer simply picks up a handset at his cubicle, and
the front desk answers and takes their drink/food order.  Awesome.</p>
