---
title: overtime
tags: 
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2003-05-21
---

<p class=date>2:13pm JST Wednesday 21 May 2003</p>

<p>I'm working overtime today; I got called while I was in the
internet cafe.  I coulda turned it down; we never *have* to work
overtime, but I felt like I didn't really have anything better to do
except maybe study Japanese, so I said yes.</p>

<p>I'll be paid 1.5 times my normal rate.  5 classes * 1.5 = 7.5
classes so it's like working almost a full extra day.  I got 1.25
times my rate yesterday (first day of overtime per week) so that's
like working more than a day, though I only really worked 1/2 a day
cause it was so unbusy.</p>

<p>What is the best use of my time?  Why am I here?  For this
incredible experience</p>

<p>Whoah I think I just saw the bicycle rack at Ç´Å≠Ç», so there *is* one
here.  I wonder if it's secure.  Today I parked twice in the secure
dollar per day lot under the um..  wait a minute.  When did I do that?
Um, oh er, oh I'm *going* to park there twice; I parked there once
after class to hit the internet for a bit, got called to do overtime
and I'll park there again on the same 24-hour ticket later tonight or
maybe tomorrow morning depending on my level of tiredness.  We shall
see.</p>

<p>Back to the real question...  wtf am I doing here?  Do I make my
priority working overtime?   Meeting people and engaging the culture.
I'm looking for some hard-and-fast rule on whether or not I "should"
have said yes to the offer of overtime.  As I write "offer" that
suggests it was a good thing, so Yes is appropro (correct usage?).</p>

<p>It's silly that I look for hard and fast rules.  Silly that I am
saying I do something as if it's true.</p>

<p>Bryn once suggested that life is not as black and white as I seemed
to view it during one of our conversations.  I wonder how ol' Bryn is
doing?  I hope she's well and happy in London.</p>

<p>I am here for the experience.   I'm here for the same reason that I
believe we are here on earth.  For the experience.  Whatever I do is
the right thing to do.  I just suggest that I pay attention to what
I'm doing - that I experience my life fully, even if I sometimes feel
like I'm not wrestling from life every possible experience I *could*
experience.</p>

<p>Just be; just live in the moment, moment to moment.  Supa zen
like.</p>

<p>heehee the cat across the train from me is making typing motions
and talking to his wife.   A moment ago I sat when someone got up and
then an older woman stood near me so I conceded my seat to her.  I
practiced standing in tadasana, not using the oh shit handle for
balance.  When the seat beside her came available, someone across the
aisle pointed it out to me.  My seat.  Nice.</p>

<p>I don't know how many more stops to go.  Maybe 2 or 3 I think.
Never been to this station before.  Oops I forgot the name.  I hope
I'll know it when I see it.</p>

<p>Ah. Ç©Å›Å®Å§Ç©</p>

<p>- - - -</p>

<p class=date>9:31pm</p>

<p>Done.  Basically fun.  One class was like pulling teeth, another
like pulling taffy.  Laffy taffy.</p>

<p>I might go to ÅÕÇ±ÅÀ tomorrow.  Might not.</p>

<p>- - - -</p>

<p>Wait.  I *did* park my bike twice in the same lot already.  Once
when I went to the cafe the first time, and then again after I went to
my apartment to change to work clothes.  I rode back to Å¬Ç»ÇµÅ‹ so
I could internet again tonight when I get back.  Soon.</p>
