---
title: Agitated
tags: 
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2003-05-23
---

<p class=date>11:36am JST Friday 23 May 2003</p>

<p>I was happy-boy packed with Japanese and now I'm feeling a bit
antsy after talking to Janette; she asked about / encourage me to go
Eminem at least one of the nights and it brought up all the angst I've
been going through over this concert, and I told her what I had
finally decided - not to go, but to remember that I am creating my own
life</p>

<p>Here it is........ there's a part of me that was going to Eminem
concert for his sake.  Like he would care that *I* go to the show,
like somehow I owed it to Eminem to go to the show because I sent him
a card and said I hoped to.  I was smart enough to say "hope to catch
you in Tokyo" instead of "will" because I know it would drive me
bonkers to have given my word and not follow through.  yeah that's how
crazy I am.</p>

<p>ANYWAY, I'm not going to the show because it seems (seems) like
it's not going to be easy to get there on time (show starts 30 minutes
after my work ends, but it's an hour away) and I don't want to fucking
"just call in sick" nor just go late, because I hate going anywhere
late and even if the show won't *actually* start until later, I don't
know just where it is and I don't know if tickets are still available,
nor where to get tickets, nor fucking anything.  so fuck you, concert,
I'm not going to watch.</p>

<p>- - - -</p>

<p>In other news, I was given the equivalent of some prepositions
today "on" "under" "to the right of" "left of" "behind" "in front of"
"between"...  I just need to memorize them.  I must say the structure
is simpler in Japanese.  It's time to make some flashcards.</p>

<p>Ayana asked me *again* to look at pictures and say in Japanese "eat
food at library at 2pm" or whatever the picture indicated.</p>

###comments

<p><b>Name:</b> j

<p><b>Email:</b> dreamon412@ *redacted*

<p><b>Subject:</b> make no mistake

<p><b>Comment:</b>
<br>sorry(!)i brought it up when you were happy boy.  i'm pretending that it was better for you to spit out your frustration and discuss amongst our ourselves to get it off your chest.<br>
 someone told me once that there are no mistakes.  that whatever we do brings us to where we need to be.  i don't know if i truly believe that, but sometimes it's a comforting thought.
