---
title: PM
tags: []
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2003-05-24
---

<p class=date>8:31pm JST Saturday 24 May 2003</p>

<p>Kicked it with cats from work tonight.  As we were leaving work,
Carla was like, "are you guys going out?" or do you want to go get a
drink or something and I'm like yeah cause I like Carla and wanted to
hang out with her and tell her how genki I think she is with the kids
and maybe get some insight from her on how to *not* do kids' classes
(cause at this point I really don't want to do them) but I only barely
got to do that cause she went to Wara Wara and joined all the other
cats from our work who had already booked over there after work (and
Benny and Ali didn't put all their files away) so... doh.  But it's
cool; I don't need to start any romantic intrigue thing even if it's
not overtly romantic.</p>

<p>I left early (after only 4 mugs of OJ) to take care of myself and
clean my room, which is what I had planned to do tonight anyway.  But,
like janette taught me, I can break any rules that I make and not feel
guilty.</p>

<p>My rule right now, that I plan not to break, is that I gotta take a
shower after I get home.  pew!!!</p>

<p>Oh man, those guys are such fucking guys too.  Talkin' about
fucking Japanese women "it's not making love, it's fucking" and all
this like crude-ish language that I'm just not embracing at this point
in my life.  Plus, some of them are married.  And I'm not necessarily
talking about the women they're apparently shagging.</p>

<p>Eek.</p>

<p>I wondered during one of my lessons (yesterday?) what it could be
like if I got jiggy with a student, and I realized..  I was like,
"okay, what would it be like right now if I had fucked this girl?"  It
would be SO totally uncomfortable for me and presumably for her to be
in that situation <em>pretending</em> nothing had happened between
us..  how can some of the teachers even think about doing that?  Well,
I know how, but damn, that would be so fucked up.</p>

<p class=date>9:58pm</p>

<p>Oh man.</p>

<p>So, I took a shower, but now I've been reading National Geographic
for an hour instead of cleaning my room.  And now I seem to be on the
computer instead of cleaning my room.</p>

<p>I also seem to have eaten 6 baby KitKat bars.  Part of me wanted to
save half of them for tomorrow, but most of me didn't.  Or at least
not the part that controls my hands and mouth.</p>

<p>I hope Eminem had a good show tonight.  Full of inner peace and joy
and some sort of positive growth experience.</p>

