---
title: Today
tags: 
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2003-05-25
---

<p class=date>9:24pm JST Sunday 25 May 2003</p>

<p>In two days I will have been here two months.</p>

<p>Only four months until janette comes.  Only six months till my mom
and Jon come.</p>

<p>Only ten months until I can go anywhere I want.</p>

<p class=date>9:58pm</p>

<p>I am consciously throwing away some Nova stuff, like evaluations of
how well people thought I taught various lessons.  I don't
particularly *want* to teach the perfect Nova lesson, though I
endeavor to use the parts of Nova lessons that I find valuable.  I'm
also throwing away stuff like the welcome to Nova BS that I got when I
first applied and was accepted.</p>

<p>I'm keeping some of the stuff I think I'll still refer to (map of
Japan), and archiving some things that were specific or influential
for me.</p>

<p>- - - -</p>

<p>The real reason I'm throwing away the evaluations is that they're
too painful for me to read.  Like I'm working my hardest to do a
perfect job, knowing that I'm being watched, but my best isn't
perfect.</p>

<p>Fuck that.  I'm throwing them away.</p>

<p>- - - -</p>

<p>Haha. As I'm clearing out stuff, I found a note I had written in a
lesson.   Students were playing a game of describing something and
having the other's guess what they described.</p>

<pre>
"This rabbit has big ears."

"Mickey Mouse!"

(laughter)
</pre>

<p class=date>10:53pm</p>

<p>Aight.  I've not gotten my room clean, and in fact it might look
worse now than it did a couple hours ago, *but* I have created a few
pages for my scrapbook, more like a paper archive than fun pictures
and such, and I have thrown some stuff in an envelope for janette.
And one for Fred.</p>

<p>I'm going to get some foooood.</p>

<p class=date>12:01am JST Monday 26 May 2003</p>

<p>Ate my favorite Korean food and some chocolate and about 500 ml of
orange juice.  Actually probably 600 ml.  Did one measurable thing for
the good of the apartment: I cleaned the kitchen trash can and took
out the trash.</p>

<p>Matty just came home a moment ago.  He's wayyyy drunk.  If I am
interpreting this noise correctly, he is hiccupping repeatedly in his
room.</p>

<p class=date>1:22am</p>

<p>Desk is better.  Bed is a mess.  Frank is home playing video games
to keep his mind off his upcoming trip home where his cousin ODed on
heroin or some shit like that.</p>

<p class=date>2:28am</p>

<p>Desk is a bit of a mess.  Bed is fixed.  I'm going to it.</p>
