---
title: Kimberly
tags: 
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2003-05-27
---

<p class=date>9:19pm JST Tuesday 27 May 2003</p>

<p>Met Kimberly at class today.  I noticed her when she first came
into the building, like "whoah, cute blonde alert" and wondered about
meeting her, etc.   She joined the table next to ours, the "smarter"
table and I was like damn and she's smart too.  But then during the
break she was downgraded to our table, and I had to work to get past
her looks and maintain normal behavior as in not be snooty assuming
she was too-pretty-and-knew-it, nor be all, "hey baby what's your
name?" but instead just go with it and let us all introduce ourselves
when the next part of the lesson began.</p>

<p>She's Kimberly from Georgia, and her Georgia peach accent appears
when she talks about home.  Her last name is distinctly not American;
she's married to a Japanese cat.  After class, I was targeting her a
bit to see just what is the dealio and there was some kid in a
stroller being brought into the room.</p>

<p>Her baby.</p>

<p>Whew.  Okay.  Full stop; crisis averted.  No kids allowed flag has
been thrown.   No worries at all.</p>

<p>I walked her to the train station and learned about the fam
situation; it seems she is becoming the classic Japanese housewife.  I
project that she is bored at home, just taking care of Landen.  Her
husband works for Panasonic.  I imagine he's a fledgling salaryman.  I
dunno.</p>

<p>Dropped her off at Kikuna.  Rode my bike to Tsunashima.   Talked on
the phone with janette to tell her about the averted crisis.  I really
love janette for understanding such crises and helping me get past
them.  Got to Tsunashima and bang, Kimberly is there, having just
gotten out of the station with the big L.</p>

<p>I knew she lives near Tsunashima, so I thought it was a bit weird
that she would go to Kikuna to walk back toward the lounge, but hey
whatever.  I hung up with janette.  "That was my girlfriend" to
Kimberly to clearly state boundaries.  Didn't drop all plans to hang
with K, but went to get my hair cut, then met her back at the station
and we munched at a curry rice place.</p>

<p>She's lived in Tsunashima since November, so knows the area more.
Plus she doesn't have a job so she gets to fuck around more (maybe!!)
in the city.</p>

<p>Walked her part way home, called janette again on my way home.
Talked for 1.5 hours.  :-)</p>

