---
title: Girls SAT
tags: []
author: Rob Nugen
date: 1987-06-06
---

<p class=note>(transcribed 3:22pm CST Friday 31 January 2003)</p>

<p class=date>Saturday June 6, 1987 9:00.29PM</p>

<p>Yesterday I didn't practice rifles at all.  My arms were sore
today, too.  Yesterday I went riding around on my bike.  I went to
Dave's house.  We talked a little and discussed girls.  He is going
with Cindy Gilbertson right now.  By the way - on the last day of
school - page before this in blue - Dave drove me Cindy and a girl
named Dawn home.  Dawn sat in my lap.  Which reminds me: Thursday I
picked Fred up from Show-Biz Pizza.  On the way there, this girl
called 93Q and asked them to play <em>I want your Sex</em>.  The DJ
goes: Well I guess you like sex.  She goes "Yeah!  I Love it!
Remember someone's got to do it." ... Wow! dude!  I was like Alright!
On the way home, I went throught some back roads, and stuff.  It
happened to be the same route Dave and I took on our bikes.  It was 10
miles - about.  And we went round trip on our bikes.  Over 20 miles in
one day!  Cool.  Well back to yesterday.  I didn't practice, but I
rode around and went to Dave's.  Ok.  Today I woke up at 6 and went to
take my SAT.  It wasn't too hard.  I met a girl, Ede, from Klein Oak.
I also met a dude from CyCreek and a dude drom Klein.  Pretty cool.
Ede knew some people that I knew from 7th-8th grade orchestra - Chris
Huston, Matt Ramesy.  She also knew Carmen Ticshe(sp). After the test,
I went to Rifle Practice.  It started at 3 and went to 5.  It was
supposed to end at 7.  Only Me, Joe, Kelly, Linda, and Angie were
there.  Keesha had strep throat- I do too, but I haven't told anyone-
And Ann went to see the play CATS. In practice Lynda got sick and
nearly threw-up.  She was truly scared because she says she never gets
sick, or anything.  I just sat down beside her while we all took a
siesta out of the sun.  I drove Lynda home and then took Scott back to
the school to get her car.  I stayed at their apartment for a while.
It is a very laid back environment.  Scott was smoking a pipe with
Lynda's mom there.  Lynda's mom said I have nice legs and that I should
wear short shorts instead of walking shorts or JAMS. Lynda and I went
swimming.  That was nice.  She asked me what I thought of Ann.  I said
I liked her alright.  Lynda said Ann was very interested in me and
Lynda is still trying to figure out if Ann is serious or not.  Lynda
said something about Ann acts like that when Richard is around because
Ann used to be going with Richard.  Or something to that effect.  Then
we went in at about 6:30. I found out that Lynda Loves skor bars.  I
will keep that in mind.  But I'm going to get her to love me before
I'm done.  I have yet to figure out if Scott and Buster are Lynda's
brothers or not.  I don't think Scott is because Lynda and Scott went
together once.  I guess I'll ask her mom to find out.  Well that's
about all.  Bye Bye Good Night.  9:43PM overandout</p>
