---
title: Astroworld
tags: [ "astroworld" ]
author: Rob Nugen
date: 1987-06-28
---

<p class=note>(transcribed 1:07pm PST Saturday 8 February 2003)</p>

<p class=date>2:15AM Sunday June 28, 1987.</p>

<p>I just got back from Astroworld.  My ears are still ringing.
Saturday we fixed the road.  Then I went to rifle practice and sent
Balderdash's letter.  I came back home for a little, then went to
Astroworld.  I got in free with my season pass paper.  I went straight
to the concert.  I met two dudes in line.  I sat with them.  We were
all the way up front on the grass.  There were reserved chairs in
front of us. There was some old music playing.  The group I was with
wanted something different.  So me and one of the dudes went over to
tell the guy running the music to change it.  On the way over, a girl
said I was cute.  I smiled and went on.  It turns out, the guy was
playing a tape that he could not change.  Oh, Well.  On the way back,
the girl told me to "Come here."  I did.  She was with some of her
friends.  She goes, "Give me a hug."  I did.  Then one of her friends
said, "Do you know her?", "Nope."  Missy, or maybe it was Kelly,
informed me that I was to stay with her.  No problem.  We sat and
talked for a while.  The seats up front were still mostly empty.
After a little while, I noticed an incredible wave of people pouring
into the seats.  They obviously just let people in for free.  I jumped
up and helped Kelly/Missy up.  We all started going for the gate.
Then a guy just jumped the fence.  So everyone started doing that.  A
few security dudes <em>tried</em> to stop us.  We ended up about 40
feet from the stage.  After we were there for a second, I took
Kelly/Missy's Keys.  I told her it was so I wouldn't lose her.  She
said, "You're sick!" But it worked.  Then <font size="+1">Joan
Jett</font> came out.  Yeah!  Yeeaay!  She played Bad Reputation
first. Then some other stuff, then I Love Rock 'n' Roll, Light of Day,
And the Oh Yeah song.  She left after a few more.  Everyone
stayed. "Joan Jett!  Joan Jett!..Joan Jett!!" She came back
out. Running.  She threw a towel out.  It went <em>close</em> to where
I was sitting.  I didn't get it, through.  She played Crimson and
Clover last.  It was beautiful.  Then that was all.  We left.  I lost
Kelly/Missy and group after returning her Keys... Oh Yeah during the
concert, she was Frenching all the guys around her.  Including
me... twice.  That was interesting. I went around alone for a while,
and I didn't ride anything.  The lines were <em>so</em> fucking
incredibly long.  4 hours for the cyclone.  4 for thunder river.  3-4
for Sky Screamer.  I went to Excalibur.  There was no line.  It was
closed.  I talked to the Astroworld guy standing there and he said
about 10 minutes.  I was giving him shit about how I could fix it.
Then 2 girls came up.  I met them.  Kristen(sp) & Kelly.  They were
pretty.  We talked for a while and then it opened.  We walked up
there.  With me at the head of a long line.  Kelly and Kristen(sp)
behind me We got up there and 3 to a seat was no longer allowed.  I
rode with Kelly.  Then we waited for Kristen(sp). We walked around
more.  All the lines were long.  We went back to Excalibur.  The line
was long.  On the way up there, Kristen looked over at me.  I smiled
and then she smiled.  I closed my eyes.  When we moved up again, she
put her arm around me.  By the time we got to the train, I was just
holding her.  Kelly went on at the middle, we rode in the back.  When
we got in she put her arm around me again.  After we started and got
into the trees, we started Frenching.  We kissed all the way up the
first thing and some during the ride.  It was interesting.  We got
off.  We were late.  It was a little after 12.  They had to meet
parents up front at 12.  We walked up front holding hands.  Their
parents were slightly mad.  They immeadiately were whisked away.  I
followed them and got a phone number.  I wasn't quite sure what it was
so I asked her again.  She told me then said, "Goodbye Robert."  In a
very impatient voice. I hope she still loves me and wants to talk and
gave me the right number and I get to see her again.  I will call her
tomorrow. 980-7668.  I hope it's correct.  After she informed me that
she was slightly upset (<em><b>Good bye</b></em> Robert) I left them.
I hope I can see her again.  I went home and wrote this stuff.  Ma
just go back from GA.  Godnight 2:50AM</p>
