---
title: News
tags: 
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2001-01-10
---

<pre>
Date:    08:19 Wednesday 10 January 2001
Subject: tenedor means fork
From:    Rob
To:      Wende's dad

HI

I noticed there was no news on Wende and I, and then
when you said you hadn't heard from us, I thought...
Hmmmm, maybe I can help rectify that.  

Wende and I are getting ready for our big trip, by
learning Spanish.  Of course, I'm talking about our
trip to Costa Rica on Friday 21 June 2002 after we get
hitched.

We attended a Leisure Learning class last night - a
free introduction to learning Spanish, so we could
meet the instructor and learn her techniques.  

(English is her fourth language!  She was born in
India, (so she learned Hindi?) and then French, and
then Spanish, and now English.  Wow.)

Wende is busy busy busy at work.  She is scheduled for
9 hour days, but she seems to stay 11 hours instead. 
"It was just so busy," she says.

Computer world has been good for me; they just gave me
a machine that I can bring home, so I can work from
home too!  So very exciting because there are some
random times that I am greatly inspired to be at work
instead of clean toilets at the house; now I can just
run upstairs and say I'm at work!

This coming weekend, I will be the Adult In Charge of
a lock-in at our church, where we expect about 150
youth and 30 or so adults.  Encouraging youth
empowerment, I have let them do all the work getting
ready for the event.  Youth are planning the food,
receiving the registrations, planning the workshops...
 it's amazing how little I have done to plan for it.

And then, in about a month, we'll be going to
Australia - leaving February 12, and returning
February 21.  I can remember those dates because
February 13 - 31 doesn't exist, and February 11 - 11
would be a pretty short trip.  We'll send you a
postcard, if we can find a 1 cent stamp.

Thanks for your consistent updates; now you have ours!

	With Love
	- Rob
</pre>
