---
title: brain brew
tags: 
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2002-09-02
---

<p class=date>9:51pm CDT Monday 2 September 2002</p>

<p>In approximately 1991 or so I was in school at University of
Houston.</p>

<p>Bored maybe, or restless or otherwise longing for something, I
spent a Saturday afternoon reading from my high school yearbooks.  I
noticed that the kids who had been popular were no longer scary or
untouchable; they were just kids and I could have been equally amazing
and done all the things they had done.  I could have been president of
the spanish club; I could have gotten straight A's, been the class
favorite, everything.  I literally thought, "if I could go back to
high school, I would have done everything" or something like that.</p>

<p class=message><em>"If I could go back to high school, I would have
done everything."</em></p>

<p>Then I thought, "you idiot, you can't go back to high school so
just forget it."</p>

<p>Then I thought, "hey, but you're in college so you can do
everything <em>now</em>."</p>

<p>"But college is <em>different</em>, way different, harder,
scarier."</p>

<p>"You're just scared.  It's the same."</p>

<p>"No I'm not."</p>

<p>"Yes you are."</p>

<p>"Grrr. shut up brain!"</p>

<p>"Prove that you're not scared and go do it."</p>

<p>"Fine."</p>

<p>"Fine."</p>

<p>"Fine."</p>

<p>So I called Cyndi, an RA that I knew from the residence halls.  (I
was living in my apartment on West Gray near Montrose at the time).
As I write this, I have a recollection of being nervous about how she
might react.  "Hey Cyndi, I want to get involved on campus.  What do I
do?"</p>

<p>She was quite supportive and suggested that I visit the Student
Program Board, located in the University Underground, part of the
University Center.  Cool.</p>

<p>Monday morning I put on my best outgoing flirtatious personality
and walked right in to the SPB.  "HI, I'm Rob, and I'd like to get
involved."  A girl named Tanya happened to be there.  "Do you want to
help with Homecoming?"</p>

<p>I knew nothing of SPB, none of its committees nor activities nor
any of the students who made it all happen.</p>

<p>"Yes," I smiled.</p>

<p>"Excellent!" and Tanya told me when the next meeting would be etc
and I showed up.</p>

<p>This was in early summer that year, and we met several times and I
ended up organizing Recycling Day, an outrageously successful event at
which we collected 18,000 pounds of recyclables, mostly newspaper (we
had a goal of 3000 pounds), and that was after Marcel and I were
featured on the SPB campus TV station as our Hans and Frans knock-off
characters, Kristof and Kristof:</p>

<p>Wearing sweatpants and sweatshirts with little round balloons all
blown up and stuffed into our sleeves and legs, we looked like hugely
pumped up muscle bound guys with bad German accents.</p>

<p>"I'm Kristof!"</p>

<p>"Und I'm Kristof!"</p>

<p>"And if you don't recycle," <em>clap!!</em> "we'll be pissed
off!"</p>

<p>It was all fantastic and is one of the biggest coolest things I've
done in my life (egad!)</p>

<p>- - - -</p>

<p>So it's been ten fucking years since then and I've been just
working at a dumb computer job (until June 2002) and I've done
fantastic good with YRUU in Southest District, but I haven't done
something big.  Something big like Recycling Day, or ride my bike
across the US, or become fluent in five different languages (1 per 2
years, easy)....  </p>

<p>Okay, so the point..  I have just been reading a book about Prague,
and  about kings and princes who shaped it and created castles and all
this cool ultra long lasting stuff still being talked about 1000 years
later.</p>

<p>I'm not sure that I want to build a castle just yet, but I do want
to know more about the world - learn more languages and meet more
people and learn more cultures.  I'm embarassed for myself and my
culture that I don't know more about other continents and stuff; I've
never been to most of Europe, none of Asia, Japan, Tasmania, Africa,
Antartica, South America, New Zealand, never climbed an Egyptian
pyramid, nor seen the Great Wall of China...</p>

<p>Why not?  Why don't I just get on my bike and go fuckin' ride
around the world?  Now would be a good time to begin such a trek.  Or
at least start planning it.</p>
