---
title: Labor Day
tags: []
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2002-09-02
---

<p class=date>1:26pm CDT Monday 2 September 2002</p>

<p>Haven't worked too much today, unless sleeping, eating cookies, and
watching Simpsons is work.  Saw episode where Lisa falls in love with
the new neighbor girl ("You're going to be rich! There's your mansion,
there's your porsche, and (spit) there's your pool!"), and the one
with Mr Bergstrom, Lisa's substitute teacher ("More asbestos!!  More
asbestos!!"  and "You are Lisa Simpson"), and Bart falls in love with
Jessica the preacher's daughter ("You're turning me into a criminal,
and I only wanted to be a petty thug." and "It's amazing what some
chumps will do for a girl.  Wait until she sees the second rate job I
do on the steps!"), and Milhouse fell in love with Samantha Stanky
("Please welcome Samantha Stinky" "Stanky" "Oh, that must be terribly
embarassing."  and "It's not just the kissing, it's the waiting.  Like
when you open an eskimo pie and wait just a second until it starts to
melt."  "She doesn't melt."  "Oh yes she does..")</p>

<p class=date>2:01pm</p>

<p>We're going to Marta's parents' house to do laundry and be internet
connected.</p>

<p class=date>9:14pm</p>

<p>Couldn't figure out how to get my computer connected, but while
checking my yahoo email, I got a surprising pop up add in a window
that seemed to have no border.  It looked like a border, but the mouse
icon turned to the web-link-click shape even when hovering over the
apparent border.  And it wasn't an image on a bigger window.  It was
actually its own window.  I didn't think to view the sourcecode of the
bigger screen to see how they did it.</p>

<p>We watched <em>Empire of the Sun</em> on video and the last part of
<em>There's something about Mary</em> on TV.</p>

<p class=date>9:50pm</p>

<p>Something interesting is brewing in my brain maybe since I've been
reading a book about Prague.</p>
