---
title: Bicycle
tags: []
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2002-09-04
---

<p class=date>11:00am CDT Wednesday 4 September 2002</p>

<p>Just rode my bike around the park near Marta's house.  Wow it's hot
outside.  I haven't been exercising all that much lately and it seems
to show in my tiredness level in my legs.</p>

<p>I told Marta the story of my inline skating accident, including the
part where the nurse or doctor wondered if I was a long distance
runner given that my heartrate was about 40 beats per minute.  I love
that part of the story and am willing to work a bit to keep that up.</p>

<p class=date>11:09am</p>

<p>The above took me 9 minutes to type in dvorak layout.  I'm still in
dvorak and will practice common words.</p>

<p>wow wow wow wow wow wow wow Wow! Wow! Wow! Wow! Wow! (*)</p>

<p>This this This This  this this this this this this This This This
this this this this this this this this this this this this this this
this this this this this the the the the the the the the this that
that this this the this this that that that that that this this that
the this this this this this this this this this this</p>

<p>holy holy holy holy holy holy holy holy holy holy holy holy holy
holy holy holy holy holy holy holy holy holy holy holy holy holy holy
holy holy holy holy holy holy holy holy holy holy holy holy holy holy
holy holy holy holy holy holy holy holy</p>

<p>shit shit shit shit shit shit holy shit shit shit shit shit shit
shit shit shit shit shit shit shit shit shit shit shit shit shit shit
holy holy holy holy holy shit holy shit holy shit holy shit holy shit
holy shit holy shit</p>

<p>I was all, I was all I was all I was I was I was I was I was I was
I was I was I was was was was was was was was was was was all all all
all was all I I I was all I was all I was all I was all I was all I
was all I was all I was all I was all I was all I was all I was all I
was all I was all I was all I was all I I I I I I I I I I I was all I
was all I was all I was all I was all</p>

<p>like like like like like like like like like like like like like
like like like like like like like like like like like like like like
like like like like like like like like like like like like like like
like like like like I was all like I was all like I was all like I was
all like I was all like I was all like I was all like I was all like I
was all like I was all like I was all like</p>

<p>woah! woah! woah! woah! woah! woah! woah! woah! woah! wow wow woah!
woah woah Woah! Woah! Woah! Woah! Woah! Woah! Woah! Woah! Woah! Wow
wow woah! Woah! Woah!</p>

<p>Woah! Hmmmm Hmmmmm Hmmmm.  Hmmm. Hmmmm.  Hmmmmm.  Hmmmm.  Hmmmmm.</p>

<p>We'll see We'll see We'll see. We'll see. We'll see. We'll
see. We'll see. We'll see. We'll see.  We'll see.  We'll see. We'll
see. We'll see.  We'll see. We'll see. We'll see. we'll see. We'll
see. We'll see.  We'll see. We'll see. We'll see. We'll see. We'll
see. We'll see.</p>

<p>maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe
maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe
maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe
maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe
maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe
maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe
maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe
maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe.</p>

<p>super super super super super super super super super super super
super super super super super super super super super super super
super super super super super super super super super super super
super super super super super super</p>

<p>duper duper duper duper duper duper duper duper duper duper duper
duper duper duper duper duper duper duper duper duper duper duper
duper duper duper duper duper duper duper duper duper super duper
super duper super duper super duper super duper super duper super
duper super duper super duper super duper super duper super duper
super duper super duper super duper super duper super duper super
duper super duper super duper duper super duper super duper super
duper super duper super duper super duper super duper super duper</p>

<p>(*) I got up to get a snack and when I arrived back at my computer
it was locked up; not even the mouse would respond.  Good thing emacs
rules and auto-saved my work.</p>
