---
title: Erin Silent Football Speech
tags: 
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2002-09-06
---

<p class=date>9:56am CDT Friday 6 September 2002</p>

<p>Erin Dunn emailed this to me:</p>

<h1>A speech on the findings of Silent Football and its culture</h1>

<p>* Clears throat * stands on a soapbox and peers through the cracks
in the wooded podium. Gets down and adds two or three more
soapboxes. * Smiles * Good work done...now can see the crowd of eager
faces.</p>

<p>"Ladies and gentlemen and veterans of archeology I have come upon a
new civilization. This civilization is called Young Religious
Unitarian Universalists. They speak a language that I am confused with
and have yet to master. They seem to have a sort of religious ceremony
called Silent Football. For there is a science to this so called
"ritual" it has a science attached to it. There is one person whom is
called "Mister Dicktator" his name is formulized in three parts. He
must be the chief...the head of the clan. His name is sacred. It
compiles of three parts, one part meaning a male address such as sir,
mister, master, prince, king, or pope. Then the second part which is
of meaning for a male genitalia such as dick, penis, shaft, one-eyed
trouser snake, cock and so on. The third part is qute amusing I have
found. The third part of his name is any meaning for a potato! When
addressing Mister Dicktator you may make up a new variation meaning
his name or you may use the name he has. But you must always address
him first and direct your comments to him. Are there any questions so
far?"</p>

<p>* Looks around the room at the ogling eyes and smiles *</p>

<p>"Good then we shall move on. There are several basic movements that
are used in this ritual which move an invisible substance called the
"sacred football", You may not move this "sacred football" more than
three people to your left or right. Mister Dictator the leader is the
one that starts this movement with a certain motion called a "PHWAP".
This "PHWAP" is a very curious movement to me. With my own eyes did I
witness the magic of this movement!"</p>

<p>* audience gasps *</p>

<p>* taps a hammer on the podium *</p>

<p>"Please people, please try to keep your focus. This is no matter to
be discussed. It is a simple magic that moves the "Sacred
Football". The science of it is this: the formula to a "PHWAP" is to
simply slapping one's own knee and that automatically moves the sacred
football to the left or to the right."</p>

<p>* more gasps *</p>

<p>"Please ladies and gentlemen keep your focus. I tell of truth. I
have seen with my own eyes this sacred ritual. This ritual can last
from one minute to 5-6 hours. This is nothing that is to be taken
lightly. It is some kind of worshipping process that these children
and adults go through. As and archeologist and anthropologist I take
into consideration these things. This culture is quite
fascinating. There are certain defensive moves too of course for
protection against this "Sacred Football" and it power."</p>

<p>* a man in the crowd stands up and shouts out "What kind of powers
does this "sacred Football" hold? Is it a danger to all who come
across it?"  the man then sits back down as the crowd mumbles and
whispers amongst one another. *</p>

<p>"To my research the only danger to this "Sacred Football" is to the
person who loses it. That is when the members of the circle raise
their hands and are addressed by Mister Dicktator and they act in
council to what the mistake was made and the member who made the error
is then given a half penance point or is told to stand up in the
middle of the circle and dance while the others sing a sort of
purification song to rid the member of all ill karma. The "Sacred
Football" holds only the power to move without being seen.</p>

<p>There is another way to move the "Sacred Football" to another
member that is not three spaces to your left or right. It is called a
Zoom. It is a highly popular and less painful way of sending the
"Sacred Football". The science to the zoom is simply by raising ones
arm in a fashion that looks to be as if you are going to punch someone
and you make a fist. You then point your arm to the person that wish
to receive the gift of the "Sacred Football" or to the member that the
"Sacred Football" told you to send it too. In this culture the gift
can be denied by these defensive moves. If the member feels that they
are not ready to yet handle the power of the "Sacred Football". They
may use a shrug, which the formula to that is simply by raising your
two shoulders and then setting them back down. Or you can use a
shrodum, which is a more complicated motion. It entails more intricate
motions as follows: you must move your right arm to your front and
then make your fingertips touch your forehead. Then in a ballet type
way you swoop your left arm to the front and make your fingers touch
the elbow of the right arm. This then is a shrodum.</p>

<p>There are rules that go with these defensive moves, you may never
shrug a shrodum or shrodum a shrug. That will cause you a penance
point and the destruction of the "Sacred Football". Mister Dicktator
then weeps for the loss, and calls on one of the members to speak. To
move back a little ways to the zoom. There is a rule that goes with
that as well and it is: you may never zoom a zoom, zoom. Just as you
may never phwap a phwap, phwap or shrug a shrug, shrug, or shrodum a
shrodum, shrodum.  Never do anything over the power of three. It will
cause you to destroy the "sacred football" and cause you to have a
penance point and cause (in a raised voice) you to make Mister
Dicktator cry!"</p>

<p>* the crowd claps. A woman stands up. "is there anything more to
this so called ritual? What is the purpose of it?" *</p>

<p>"Madam, the purpose is simple. It is to build the community
stronger.  When a new person comes into the circle Mister Dictator
explains the rules of dealing with the sacred powers of the "Sacred
Football". And yes there is more to this ritual than I have
said. Mister Dictator can at anytime form a "Wormhole" between two to
eight people. It depends on how many people are playing. There can be
two way wormholes that when a member passes the "Sacred Football" to
lets say Mister Dicktator whom has a two way wormhole to Miss I'm not
thinking. The "Sacred Football" is then zapped to Miss I'm not
thinking. The point of these wormholes are to bring two members or
more together in spiritual harmony where they share the power of the
"sacred football"."</p>

<p>* "Wow" is heard from the crowd. *</p>

<p>"The language is especially tricky. They use no pro-nouns for that
causes the "Sacred Football" to be upset. Then the member from the
circle that uttered the heinous pro-noun is then convicted of a
penance point. The ritual carries on. Saying a pro-noun will not cause
the "Sacred Football" to destroy...it will only anger it. There are
rules on the penance points too. If a member has more than five
penance points the "Sacred Football" becomes angry at that soul and
disappears causing the ritual to be over. The circle then sends the
sorry member off on a task while they discuss freely their opinions on
what their ultimate punishment should be. Their names too are of
interest. Each member of the circle makes up a name before the ritual
starts. One person takes notes down on a sacred scroll of all the
events that go on. Mister Dicktator then remembers all the names and
starts the ritual. Each name has a meaning, a sacred meaning to the
owner of the name.</p>

<p>And that ladies and gentlemen concludes my topic today on the
findings of YRUU and their sacred happenings. Silent Football,
remember that. It teaches a great lesson on how to respect others and
to respect rules and to follow them. Silent Football teaches that you
must handle power in a careful way knowing that there are
repercussions to everything that you might do or say."</p>


<p>* Steps down from soapboxes and bows as the audience gives a
standing ovation. *</p>

