---
title: Today
tags: []
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2002-09-06
---

<p class=date>3:23pm CDT Friday 6 September 2002</p>

<p>Got Scott's oil changed and they asked how long it's been since he's
had his radiator flushed and transmission fluid flushed.  They suggest
30,000 and 15,000 miles respectively.</p>

<p>Looking back through Scott's records, I found his radiator flushing
25,000 miles ago.  Did not find a single transmission flush, but I
shall look again.  I've driven Scott 48,000 miles since I got him in
January </p>

<p class=date>8:33pm</p>

<p>At Humperdink's now with Marta, Jenae, Cris, about to munch and
such.  I got my computer out to record any funniness that happens.</p>

<p>We were just at Jenae's brother Jeff's art opening.  Good stuff
that looks very um, fractalish in a way, but with a consistent pattern
on all the pieces.</p>

<p>I picked up a rubberband from the top of a light, by hanging out
over a ledge, stood on the other side of the ledge and held a big
eyehook bolt thing to let myself lean well over the edge to grab this
rubberband off the top of a round hanging light.  Signed it with "ROB
was here 6 September 2002 www.robnugen.com"  Good stuff.</p>

<p class=message>Now we're (ROB, Marta, Jenae and Cris) at
Humperdink's for dinner.  I (Marta) wanted a healthy, vegetarian
choice.  Doctor's order, "No fried foods..." leaves me very limited
here.  I noticed a Ceasar salad on the menu, but was hesitant to order
out of fear that the traditional anchovies would be included in the
sauce.  When I shared this with the others, they were shocked having
never heard of this ingrediant being included.  Cris was also planning
on the Ceasar, but not if anchovies were in it.  I explained that the
nicer places use them.  Jenae was quite disturbed as a lover of Ceasar
salads, "But I don't like anchovies!!"  Rob and I had the same
response, in unison, "But you've been eating them all along and never
noticed!!"  She was not ready to drop the subject as the rest of us
moved on.  Slappimg the table, she begged, "Wait!  Wait!  Explain this
anchovy thing to me!!!"  Together, ROB, Cris and I (with perfect
timing) teased "Well, they're these little fishies..."  Course, when I
asked the waiter (in the interest of all three girls), ROB had to make
a 'crazy' gesture towards me, giving the guy one of those "Sorry, she
forgot her medication..." looks!  Thanks, Gem... Don't forget, I know
where you sleep!  Grrrr!!!  Tee hee hee!!!  ;-)</p>
