---
title: Dreams
tags: [ "dream" ]
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2002-09-07
---

<p class=date>9:11am CDT Saturday 7 September 2002</p>

<p class=note>(dream)</p>

<p class=dream>In a something above the ground like 40 feet up and one
of my youth jumped out and his parachute didn't open so he kinda
bonked on the ground, but he was okay.  He pulled his parachute out
like gosh darn stupid parachute!  and then he tossedthe top part of a
rop up to me and it took a few tries but I caught it and then pulled
him up to our level again.  Since the parachute was already open, I
dropped him down and it worked nicely.   He floated down to the ground
very slowly.</p>

<p>- - - -</p>

<p class=dream>Near my dad's house, I was dropped off by the
elementary school and Colleen Crotty (Saube) was there and she was
trying to get home, but it started to rain a bit - a cold rain so she
started jogging and I jogged along with her to make sure she got home
safely.  We got up to my dad's street and Fred was there chillin' in a
van with a bunch of stuff on the hood and I was all, "let me borrow
it" and he started throwing the stuff (skates, blankets, etc) into the
van.  Colleen got in and I was driving and Fred stood on the sideboard
as I drove slowly to Colleen's house (not too far away).</p>

<p class=dream>Some cattle were standing in the road, and one
particularly bullheaded (or just dumb) cow was standing there and we
actually pushed him out of the way with the van.  Then we had to get
through the gate that led into her neighborhood and it seemed really
narrow but I used some sort of extension on the van to push part of
the gate open on both sides; it was like a piece of sheetmetal hanging
on some rebar pegs extending horizontally from the vertical wooden
posts on either side of the gate.</p>

<p>- - - -</p>

<p>Another dream was something about work, but I don't remember.</p>

<p class=dream>something about my ex-work.</p>


