---
title: Insanity
tags: 
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2002-09-07
---

<p class=date>2:29pm CDT Saturday 7 September 2002</p>

<p>Is this a bit insane?  Maybe.  I came to Kinko's to work on Kim
Sawyer's website and got a message from Janette that I can make $100
working for her today, so I'm going to zip over there and put Kim's
project on hold and make $100, but the crazy thing is that I haven't
100% confirmed that the $100 job is still available.  I'm just
hoping.</p>

<p class=date>3:32pm</p>

<p>Made it to Dallas and found no Janette at her house, but Jack via
telephone helped me find their address book and I called Janette's
work.  I'll see her there soon.</p>

<p class=date>6:02pm</p>

<p>We're back at Bibby's for a break.  Her break more than mine of
course; I've only worked almost 2 hours.  This fabric that we're
working with is WAY lighter and smaller than that hugemongous fucking
curtain that we did last time.  That was ridiculous.  This fabric is a
lightweight simple weave polyester, only 20 feet long at a time
instead of 40, and we don't have to sew them all together into a
monstrosity 110 feet wide and 40 feet tall.</p>

<p>Just a simple hem along all the edges.  I pin them up and she
sews.  Easy.</p>

<p>But we're still takin' a break.</p>

<p class=date>6:59pm</p>

<p>Ate crackers and peanut butter and I finished the bag of Chips Ahoy
that was brought there some weeks ago by Sean's friends who brought
two other snacks, like trail mix and cheese nips, both were hot
flavor, which was quite distressing to Sean.  The Chips Ahoy were
mostly untouched for those weeks except by me, who may have eaten all
of them.</p>

<p>I don't have my wallet.  Hmm.  I'll drive extra carefully on the
way back.</p>

<p class=date>12:17am</p>

<p>Finished.  Going to Bibby's now.</p>

<p class=date>1:45am</p>

<p>Now I'm back in Denton at Marta's, and feel a bit guilty since the
apartment has been cleaned up of all my crap that was all over the
living room.  Okay, it wasn't all over, but more like in a pile in the
center.</p>

<p>It got all cleaned up by Marta because Cherub and Dale are coming
over tomorrow morning.</p>

<p>On the way home from Dallas, I called Becky (my dad's sister) in
Florida where she is staying with their mom, but will be going back to
West Virginia in about a week.  Great to talk to her about how all the
family is doing.</p>
