---
title: Breakfast
tags: []
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2002-09-08
---

<p class=date>1:34pm CDT Sunday 8 September 2002</p>

<p class=message>This morning, Gem (ROB) and I (Marta) eagerly awaited
our breakfast in bed.  Since I've been rather sick lately, Cherub and
Dale (my two best friends from karate) called Friday volunteering to
come make us whatever we desired for Sunday breakfast.  I requested a
Mexican burritto with eggs, Cheddar, veggie sausage and salsa.  ROB
felt awkward allowing my peeps, whom he's only met a few times, to
wait upon him hand and foot.  But Cherub (AKA Chucky) explained this
was her way of both caring for "My Marta" and showing ROB her
appreciation for his waiting on me hand and foot over the past week
plus.  He accepted and ordered homemade blueberry pancakes.</p>

<p class=message>Chucky and Dale said they'd be at my apt. by 9:00 to
start, but were delayed until 10:45.  To pass the time, ROB and I
(ordered to stay in bed) played "the Jackie Purdy game".  I should
mention that I am still the undefeated champion of JPG, even having
played several times now with JP herself.  :-) When they finally
showed up, they forgot that we were leaving the door unlocked and
knocked.  We screamed for them to come in, but my bedroom is in the
back.  Finally, ROB crawled out of bed in his undies to crack the door
open and run back.  I giggled as he not-so-sneakily attempted this.
Before long, he also had to "powder his nose" (as I say), so he ran to
the bathroom door across from the kitchen.  Chucky, making her way to
visit my sick ass in bed, was taken quite aback hardly knowing ROB and
not expecting their "brief encounter".  She blushed and covered her
eyes first with her hands, then the bedsheet.  "Hide your shame, Gem!"
I screamed towards him as he returned.  "Hide your shame!"  Although
he tried to stretch a t-shirt, inevitably the commotion brought Dale
running around the corner, "Shame?  What shame?"  But, ROB was back
under the sheets and Chucky off to fetch more pancakes.  </p>

<p class=message>We taught them the game and, although neither felt
comfortable singing in public, we all had a great time.  Eventually,
Chucky turned it into the Movie game where each gives a quote and the
rest guess the movie.  While ROB and I waited for our 12:00 breakfast,
Chucky and Dale could be heard screaming at each other in the kitchen
like a cranky, old married couple.  Gem has pointed out that it was
more of Chucky screaming at Dale, amusing considering he is a
second-degree black belt.  Because we kept receiving orders to "Get
back in bed!", Chucky began bringing chunks of pancakes to hand feed
us just as it was our turn to sing (still playing JPG, of course).
Finally, all four camped out on my bed, picnic style.  Thanks, guys.
It was pointed out to us that although ROB requested the pancakes, he
ate his burritto first.  And I, who requested the burritto, started
with the pancakes.  We both concurred that we were saving the best for
last.  We played the Movie game for a while longer, long enough for me
to learn that I'm much better at storing songs in my head.  Then
Chucky entertained us with a good amount of the Princess Bride (5
mins. worth) she knows by heart.</p>

<p class=message>Dale did the dishes (Chucky's orders) as ROB, Chuck
and I spread out for a nap.  Eventually, Dale joined us and was the
only one to sleep while Chucky and I reminisced and joked around with
Gem.  Although we were all quite comfortable and wanted to stay and
really take a nice nap, ROB and I were running late for an appointment
in Plano.  Hugs and kisses goodbye (mostly me and Cherub... we're
close!), then off.</p>
