---
title: Bibbys
tags: 
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2002-09-10
---

<p class=date>9:58pm CDT Tuesday 10 September 2002</p>

<p>Marta and I are at the Bibby's, talking with Janette, Joey, Jack.
Rowboat and Matt have already come and gone, though we hoped to see
them as well.</p>

<p>Conversation in the living room with lots of cookies, ice cream,
cookie dough, stawberries, avacado, lemon lime tostitos.</p>

<p>Excellantro.</p>

<p class=date>11:58pm</p>

<p>Just went for a relatively long walk with Janette and Marta,
starting with a tour of the house under construction down the street
that we visited some weeks ago.  It's much darker now since it has a
roof and walls blocking a lot of light.</p>

<p>Saw a guy watching Golden Girls on TV and he was turned around
watching us watch him as we walked by.</p>

<p>Got to a point that Marta was trying to find a splinter in her foot
and Janette walked up to an abandoned house to tinkle by a tree.</p>

<p>Everything came out alright except for the splinter so we decided
to go back.  Sat in a Bobcat and joked that Janette and I could fight
over Marta or try to catch her in our own Bobcat's scoop.</p>

<p>Walked back along a different street and ended up at a dead end
starring a house that looked like a church or a country club.  Turned
around and found a secret alley that we used to escape.  Okay, not
escape, but also not walk all the way back out the way we had
entered.</p>

<p>Janette and I had differences of opinion about which way was a more
direct route to home, so we bet ten dollars on it.  Tried her way
first.  Then we went my way and walked back past the guy with a TV and
Janette recognized it to be Suddenly Susan, and the Marta was all,
"what was it?"  Janette quickly responded "I don't know..." like it
was a huge mystery to all involved, "but Rob thinks it's Suddenly
Susan.."</p>

<p class=date>1:22am</p>

<p>Janette is utterly amazing in her hospitality.  She gave us cookie
tins of cookies on our way out.</p>

<p>Tired on the way to Denton, so I bit hard on my fingers and sang
several iterations of the Bubble Bee Tuna song chorus to stay
awake.</p>
