---
title: Day
tags: 
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2002-09-12
---

<p class=date>10:20am CDT Thursday 12 September 2002</p>

<p>I have found a relatively good way to keep myself feeling
productive and even keeled, stable (not like a horse house, but like a
rock), happy, etc.  That is to make a simple list of things to do each
morning.  I've known this for years, but haven't really done it every
day since my personal schedule would be so wildly chaotic and my work
schedule would be relatively rigid.</p>

<p>So what'd end up happening is I wake up early one morning and be
all relaxed and take time to write up a list of thingies to do that
day and get some shit done and feel all productive and basically on
top of stuff including go to work and it would be all great.</p>

<p>And that might even go on for a day or two, but sooner than later I
would stay up late late late one night and drag my ass out of bed just
in time for work and not take a moment in the morning to figure out
what kinda stuff I should do and take a moment to breathe and all
that, and my sense of productivity would collapse in a heap, leading
me to feel relatively poopy and not wanting to take time for myself,
for who would want to take time to hang out with an unproductive slob
like me?</p>

<p>So today I wrote a list of stuff to do, and I've done about half of
it, most of which I could do online (contact peeps, look up phone
numbers of other peeps) and some of it is time dependent (visit a
store that opens at 11am, see Sally at 4pm) and some of it is not
Urgent right now (capital U from <em>Seven Habits...</em> book) so I'm
not doing it; and some of it requires me to overcome some hurdle or
decide if it's 'worth it' (to spend the money, or do I really want to
talk to this person <! Madeline, which I do, but I am giving priority
to Sally>).  And to be certain, I haven't done this for more than 1
day in a row, but my previous list was on the 8th, so only 3 days
skipped.  Maybe I'll keep it up.</p>

