---
title: Sally
tags: 
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2002-09-12
---

<p class=date>3:32pm CDT Thursday 12 September 2002</p>

<p>Whoo!  I'm chillin' in the A.C.E.S. room 2.302, an auditorium in
which Ted and Sally will each be doing their thesis presentations.
Just got a quick version of Ted's presentation.  Sally isn't here
right now.  We joked about her having forgotten about it.  Not too
likely, but still funny.</p>

<p>This building is apparently sporting a wireless network, but it's
down from today through the 16th.  Funny.</p>

<p class=date>7:56pm</p>

<p>Back at Fred's apartment now.  After Sally's thesis thing during
which she appeared calm cool collected and faced the audience in a
bright smiley way and I understood almost none of it, we (her chicamow
(mom), dad, advisor Jay, me) went to Trudy's for dinner.  Her friend
Suzanne showed up after a bit and Sally chatted with her, while her
mom chatted with Jay, and I moved my chair over and talked with her
dad who has worked as a security manager (I'm making up that term) for
Saudi Arabia since 1978.  He had a few things to say about the current
situation.  And by few I mean like five.</p>

<p>Before the reseating, Sally had been sitting across from me and we
played footsies a lot.  I really really really really really really
really really really like her.  a lot.</p>

<p>oh, before her presentation was Ted's presentation, and Sally held
my hand a bit :-), mostly cause she was way way nervous about her
presentation.</p>

<p class=date>9:29pm</p>

<p>Talked funny stuff (XXX starring Vin Diesel, MIIB starring Will
Smith, etc starring whomever) with Bill and Fred while waiting for
Sally to call.  We ate banana/orange/strawberry(?) yogurt
smoothies.</p>

<p>Sally called and I'm chillin' with her now.  Actually she is on the
phone, but yeah. bye.</p>

<p class=date>1:00am</p>

<p>SO Much Fun!!  Sally and I started for a walk outside her hotel and
then she was all, "wouldn't it be cool if we had bikes??"  But we do!
Zipped over to Fred's apartment and got a Bibby Cookie each and my
bike and Fred's bike and rode all over downtown Austin, from his
apartment around the capital to thin brick paths steeply coursing
through a park to a spooky spooky dark sidewalk along a creek and
under some bridges totally dark and slowly right past a guy sleeping
on the ground.  I was quite startled by him but didn't say anything
until later "was that a <em>guy</em>?"  how wild!</p>

<p>After rolling around the board chalk of white bumpy rocks, followed
our ears to music and rolled Into 6th street type area with empty
streets blocked off just for us to roll in huge sine wave designs
between rows of parked cars and inebriated folk walking along the
sidewalks.  Sally bought a bottle of water for us to share.  Out of
that area and down a long hill with 4 Way STOP signs through which I
rolled really quickly trusting that any cross traffic would stop.</p>

<p>Down to the small creek river thing beside which people play disc
golf and found a park but kept rolling till we found a spot to chill
on some lumpy rocks within the middle of the creek bed.  We drank
water, marveled at the beautiful variety of sights we had seen in such
a short period of time!  Remarkable.</p>

<p>We lay facing the stars (could see approximately 3 through the
overcast sky) with my leg as her pillow and our water bottle as
mine. She told me how thankful she was that I had come to see her
presentation and I was all, "you're my favorite favorite
favorite!"</p>

<p>After our rest, we returned along the trail and wound our way under
another bridge and up some streets to arrive back at Fred's
apartment.</p>

