---
title: Jackie Purdy Party
tags: []
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2002-09-13
---

<p class=date>6:33pm CDT Friday 13 September 2002</p>

<p>Jack and I are fashionably early to Jackie Purdy's Party, by 2
hours minus 3 minutes.  "We win the race! Whoohoo!" exclaims Jack.</p>

<p class=date>7:05pm</p>

<p>Jack has predicted that Ryan McCarthy is going to arrive quite late
(11pm ish) and be quite disappointed that there is less "partying"
happening than another party might have.</p>

<p>Jackie will be 10,000 days on 31 January 2012.</p>

<p>We are here at the Jacke Purdy Pre Party now.</p>

<p class=date>1:16am</p>

<p>Jack and I drove home to get Joey and told her the party didn't
make and everyone left.  She totally bought it and we didn't know what
to do after that so I said I forgot my camera and we should go back to
get it.  I don't know yet if she knows that we were fibbing to her.</p>

<p>I'm really really happy that my computer has been used as the DJ
for the entire night (except when there was a live band, but even then
the computer was still playing music, just not as loudly as the band);
people have been selecting music from this library and/or putting
their own CDs in to play.  I have ripped 4 CDs tonight and have eyes
on one more.</p>

<p class=date>4:03am</p>

<p>Played Silent Football for about a bit over an hour probably.
Thomas (I think is his name) lost, due to overenthusiastic tattling.</p>

<p>Ryan is now leading us in a game of Mafia.  He's being quite loud
with running around with foot stomping to tap on people's heads to
choose who is the commissioner and who is mafia.  Pretty funny stuff.
Can't believe that he doesn't think I can type while my eyes are
closed.</p>

<p>I'm guessing that Thomas (snookums) is going to lose pretty
quickly.  Since he's dead already.  Due to the group pretty much not
wanting him to talk anymore, I'm guessing.  All but a few people voted
for him because dead people can't talk.  No, I mean "<em>dead people
can't talk</em>."</p>

<p class=date>4:20am</p>

<p>"Where'd God go?"</p>

<p>Danny: "Wait, who's mafia?"</p>

<p>Aaron: "Let's all choose someone to kill so the votes won't be
random."</p>

<p>"Aaron."</p>

<p>"Aaron."</p>

<p>"Aaron."</p>

<p>Aaron, "wait, can we go back to that random thing?"</p>

<p class=date>4:23am</p>

<p>Mafia won.  2 of 2 mafia remain out of a 10 person town.</p>

<p class=date>4:23am</p>

<p>New game now, with Jack the Sac on Yac as god.</p>

<p class=message>Jackie, birthday girl number one, has tragically died
in a horrible fishing accident. Gory details aren't needed. Her best
friend, Lizard has moved into her vacated house on
BetweenAaronandNicci Street, only to be killed by Jackie's ghost a few
rounds later, in an act of undead revenge.</p>

<p class=message>After trying unsuccessfully to type the following
paragraph myself, I have given in to lettin Ryan type it.</p>

<p class=message>"It is duly noted that the game that ryan (aka master
of insects and pronouns) was god of ended in crime running amok in the
streets, while the game that jack (aka, grand poobah of consideropia)
was god of ended in compassion and justice."</p>

