---
title: Norman
tags: 
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2002-09-18
---

<p class=date>8:01pm CDT Wednesday 18 September 2002</p>

<p>Okay, I'm at the Bibby's but about to leave for OKC after a shower
and packing my bike on my car.</p>

<p>Been recording Eminem Show to tape so I can listen to it a lot
while driving.</p>

<p class=date>8:42pm</p>

<p>Leaving.  I don't know why, but I'm scared.  So weird.</p>

<p class=date>10:31pm</p>

<p>Just talked to Veronica, Maggie and caught up on life ans such.
Just talked to Kris Scott who is in Norman; I'll call them when I get
there.</p>

<p class=date>11:45pm</p>

<p>WOWW!!!  This is so absolutely incredilbe!!  Lightnight lightning
lightning lihgtning all around, or mostly to the north and west of me
here in OK on 35 about 30 miles into the state.  ANd there seems to be
one spot where the lightning keeps hitting thre bround every so
often.  but it's just magnificent heat lightning up in the clouds with
some sparks fleeting across the sky in an incredible disply of
nature's awesome power.  So bright and dark and revealing the fine
lines of the clouds and another bold lasting rfor for a full second on
the groudnd and a spark across the sky.  Absolutely amazing.

and no thunder whatsoever.  None.  How can that be?  Is the air
already so heatd that this lightning doesn't displace more?  Is that
why it's called heat lightning.  ? 

What are those places that keep getting hit by boltds??

THIS IS EXACTLY WHAT THAT CAT WAS SATYING THAT A VIDEO CAMERA IS MORE
IMPORTANT THAN GAS!!!!!!!!!!!

Aw FUCK I would love to record a video of this.

Apparently it happens not infequently, according to a guy who stopped
right after I put on my flashers and stopped; he wanted to make sure I
was okay and we chatted about the lightning some.  So b eautiful.  

Oh and I shouldn't forget to metntion that there is a consisten wind
about 20 mph with gusts up to 40 maybe going almost directly north,
assuminging I 35 is going north

thing is that the lightning seems to be getting ever so closer though
I'm just standing here outside my car.  Perfectly dry air with maybe a
hint of ozone, but I might b e making that up.

Big trucks flying past me maybe they have seen this a million times.

Thank you god for such a fabulous show.

<p>Back in my car now, 165.7 miles traveled so far since Dallas.</p>

<p class=date>12:50am</p>

<p>I'm in Norman now, at Kris's house also with Laura Douglas who was
here studying.</p>

<p>"Hello?  I was thinkin' about ordering pizza."</p>

<p>"Hey, I think you got my name spelled weird there.  It's Kris, yeah
the A is an I."</p>

<p>POURING down rain with water pouring over the street, and campus
all flooded.</p>

<p class=date>2:35am</p>

<p>Fun stuff with Big Poppa Kris buying pizza from Papa Johns.  Laura
and Kris have decided they need a curfew so they won't destroy one
another's school lives.  2am.  Only half an hour late tonight.</p>

<p>Just went through all my SWUUSI pics.  Good stuff.</p>

<p class=date>2:42am</p>

<p>"Are you scared of spiders?" I asked Laura, as I noticed a small
spider on her jeans leg.</p>

<p>"Aahh!!" and she jerked and swiped it off.</p>

<p>Kris: "If it's smaller than a person then Laura is scared of
it."</p>

<p class=date>12:20pm Thursday</p>

<p>Kris and I just saw a kid run across the street with his can of
pringles during Norman High School's open lunch.  Three cars were
headed his direction during the event.  Funny.</p>

<p>He made it and soon as he got across started chomping pringles..</p>

<p>We cheered.</p>
