---
title: hilarious hunter
tags: []
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2002-09-20
---

<p class=date>9:11am CDT Saturday 21 September 2002</p>

<p>Johnny's 20th birthday party started approximately 12 hours ago.
Sabra was just now swimming in the frigid pool looking for remains of
glass chess pieces thrown by drunken idiots from our 12th floor
balcony.  What a great girlfriend she must be for him.  The sucky part
of the story is that these pieces were from a chess set that Sabra got
Johnny for his birthday last night.</p>

<p>Johnny is sick on his bed, and has missed his Spanish class
today.</p>

<p>The three helium balloons that balanced the weight of a
punch-balloon escaped out the sliding glass door and off the balcony
into the wild blue yonder.</p>

<p>The shopping cart borrowed from Home Depot across the street to
carry party supplies upstairs still adorns the living room.</p>

<p>- - - -</p>

<p>Last night the peeps on the floor above us were also partying, so
we chatted with them a bit, they peered over the balcony as we leaned
backwards over ours to gaze up at them.  One guy poured beer perfectly
into Sabra's open mouth.  When Becky tried this stunt, she got beer on
her forehead.  Twice.</p>

<p>Sabra, Becky, Mindy all went up there to say HI to that party. On a
whim I climbed the outside balcony from the 12th floor to the 13th
floor, much to the surprise/horror/amazement of those who were on the
13th floor.</p>

<p>We got a knock on the door at 3am for being toooo loud, both music
and hollering on the balcony.</p>

<p>Hunter created a new bright green drink and called it Hilarious
Hunter.  It was Mountain Dew, orange juice, vodka, blue curucao.  I
had a sip.  Tasted like mint to me.</p>

<p>- - - -</p>

<p>Sabra and Mindy are equally involved in escapades involving Mindy
not being in Arkansas now for someone's wedding.</p>

<p class=date>10:57am</p>

<p>Johnny is up now, asking me to include how it would have really
been a bad ending if I had fallen while climbing up the balcony.
"Would you have screamed if you had fallen?"  I don't think so.  "I
probably would have just said 'fuck'"</p>

