---
title: Johnny in OKC
tags: 
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2002-09-20
---

<p class=date>9:07am CDT Friday 20 September 2002</p>

<p>Good morning from Sean Murray's apartment in OKC.  Thanks to
Tiffany for making phone calls last night to get me here even though
Sean is not.  I got to meet his roommate Johnny from Germany, who is
going to Nepal next year to teach English!</p>

<p>Didn't talk to him super much last night, but got here with no
problem.  Ironic is that while I was at Kinko's, I was like 1 mile
from this apartment.  Awesome.</p>

<p class=date>1:17pm</p>

<p>Cooked breakfast for Johnny the birthday boy today, who's now 20
years old.  Just went with him to Sean's grandparents' house and
chatted with them a bit before going to The Dive Shop, where Johnny
picked up gear to do his final open water dive to be certified this
Sunday morning at 8am at Lake Murray.  Now we're going to go ride
bikes.</p>

<p>I'm loving this!</p>

<p class=date>2:57pm</p>

<p>Tired; rode around the nearby lake a bit, and I noticed my energy
like whoah nearly sapped after a bit of an exertion riding up a bit of
a hill and climbing over a wall.  Maybe I shoulda eaten more than two
eggs and an apple.</p>

<p>Flew down a grassy hill from a highway overpass and trudged through
slightly tall grass up a slight hill.  I will keep up bike riding so
this slight exertion won't sap my energy so easily.</p>

<p>Johnny is talking to his peeps in German, very interesting to hear
him say "Hello?" to answer the phone and then "Alloh?" when he heard
German on the other side.</p>

<p class=date>7:05pm</p>

<p>Just ate dinner at a thai place with Johnny and his girlfriend
Sabra.  We were cutting up at the end and he offered me some of his
glass noodle enriched meal.  Then Sabra asked if she could have some
as she reached for his plate.  He was all, "I didn't say you could
have some," and she pulled back.  Then I reached over and offered her
some of his meal.</p>

<p>"So can I have some or not?" asked Sabra.</p>

<p>"Of course; he offered it to you and he's bigger than me, so what
am I going to do?" joked Johnny.</p>

<p>Also, on the menu were two interesting names of dishes:  "Noodles a
la Nick" and "Row Boat Beef and Noodles."  Amazing how YRUUers got
their names on foods in a thai restaurant.</p>
