---
title: kissed becky
tags: []
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2002-09-20
---

<p class=date>10:27am CDT Saturday 21 September 2002</p>

<p>Last night at the party Becky kissed me.  I resisted as much as I
could but it was not enough; it was like 3am when she started.  I had
been laying on this black futon on my left side when she sat near me
or something and I kinda grabbed her in a playful wrestling way and
then she kissed me, like full blown tongue kiss and I turned my head
away, again, and again, and was all "mmmm" "no" etc, but she grabbed
my face with her hand and faced it to her and we kissed.</p>

<p>I relented and we kissed a lot.  Deep deep deep tongue on tonsils
wonderful kissing.  She has perfect teeth and had a pleasant flavor of
mixed drinks that she had consumed throughout the night.  I was on my
back as she lay fully on top of me.  Other people in the room watched
or didn't, and some commented, but not in the way that I was afraid:
"oh my god I can't believe that 32 year old is kissing an 18 year
old."</p>

<p>She was all whispering, "let's go to the bedroom. I don't want to
be in public. It will be okay.  I'm not drunk, I promise." etc etc,
using every trick in her book (I imagine) to get me to .. oh, and even
"Okay, I'm going to get up and you're going to follow me, okay?"</p>

<p>I was all, "no no no" and "okay, we'll go outside, but I want to
talk first."  I wanted people to be able to see us not doing more than
kissing.</p>

<p>Out on the balcony she made "blah blah blah" hand motions at me
while I tried to explain to her that she's only 18 and I'm not going
to do more than kiss.</p>

<p>We kissed more and she ground on my leg and eventually Brian inside
closed the blinds and gave us privacy.  I was willing to grab Becky's
ass a bit and slurp on her neck.  She enjoyed biting while kissing,
especially my lower lip.  I'm sure she'd bloody it if we actually
fucked.</p>

<p>We quit for some reason and then I lay down on Johnny's bed and
soon enough Becky joined me and we kissed a lot more.  She has such a
pretty face.  What a lovely time.  But oh so many messages in my head
were saying this was wrong wrong wrong.</p>

<p>We kissed a lot lot lot on the bed and I was certain to have a
blanket between us the entire time.  She regularly moved my hands to
her breasts or ass and I routinely made a quick pass and then back to
the safety of her sides.  She was grinding her crotch on me so I moved
my hand under her vulva so the could grind on that.  She seemed to
enjoy it.  Never kept up the motion though; I wonder if she has ever
had an orgasm.</p>

<p>Part of me really really really wanted to give her one.  And if we
had been more completely alone in the apartment, I might have.</p>

<p>She pushed my hand down intoward her panties and after a few
iterations, I felt her up a bit with the back of my hand.  Not great
positioning, but hey.  She tried a couple times to twist my hand
around so the fingers would fit better, and I finally did feel her up
through her panties with my hand facing forward.</p>

<p>She lifted up her shirt and manuevered up so I could sorta kinda
kiss her breasts, though I was mostly kissing and licking cloth.  She
popped her right nipple out a bit so I could lick it some.  I
certainly would have enjoyed some more sucking, but no.  oh and she
had unbuttoned and unzipped her pants.. I said, "how are you doing
this to me?"</p>

<p>I flipped her onto her side on my right and positioned her so my
left hand could reach across me and finger her.  I didn't even really
insert my finger, but fondled her clit a bit and felt a little
wetness, but couldn't really get inside.  I imagine she is still a
virgin; she seemed really tight, or maybe I was just at a bad angle,
but I don't think so.</p>

<p>Her quiet breathing turned into quiet mmmms and sighs as I fondled
around her vulva.  (Oh what if I could have sucked and licked that
sweet little pussy...)  She never apparently orgasmed, and I think she
soon fell asleep.  She was relaxed and Johnny gave us fair warning
before he came in and she zipped up her pants.</p>

<p class=date>1:22pm</p>

<p>I've been visualizing her pretty face as I'm driving on the
turnpike from OKC to Tulsa.  I don't have a picture of her.</p>

<p class=date>9:54pm</p>

<p>I keep thinking of miss Becky's pretty face, thinking of kissing
her and her biting lip style of kissing.  Her straight hair hanging
down around her face over my face as we kissed and kissed.</p>

<p>And then what if Johnny tells Sean who tells Tiffany who tells
someone at OKC and it all gets blown out of proportion?  Sigh.  I
don't think I hurt her psyche.  She was in a lovely mood this morning
while my brain was all, "whoahaoahoahaah!!"  I asked her "how do
you feel about last night?"  "Fine!" she smiled a lot.</p>

<p class=date>10:21pm</p>

<p>Ha.  Tanner just got chinese for himself and me.  My fortune cookie
says, "you will attend an unusual party."  Postcognition?</p>
