---
title: Ryan Phillips
tags: 
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2002-09-21
---

<p class=date>11:18am CDT Saturday 21 September 2002</p>

<p>I just heard from Tanner, who I was going to meet in Stillwater
today that his brother is in the hospital now (in apparently stable
condition) after his heartrate jumped to three hundred (!) beats per
minute last night.  A shock to jumpstart his heart at the hospital got
him back on human rate instead of humming bird rate.</p>

<p>So I'm going straight through to Tulsa today and will probably hook
up with them in the hospital.</p>

<p class=date>2:30pm</p>

<p>Okay I'm in the hospital, and here's the story as I rememeber it
from Tanner:</p>

<p>Ryan was at a friend's house and ran downstairs to get a pizza
coupon from the car.  When he ran back up he started feeling weird and
started super sweating but felt crazy cold.</p>

<p>He wanted to take a shower before going to the hospital, so he did.
They got him to the hospital emergency room and they were all, "um, we
don't have a room, we're going to put him in the hallway here."</p>

<p>In the hall on a stretcher and they put an EKG on his finger.</p>

<p>"Oh shit!" and then <em>zoom</em> everyone was all around Ryan.
His heart was fluttering and had been for like an hour and a half.
They zapped him and it went basically back to normal.</p>

<p>("Oh shit!" is doctor-speak for "this is bad.")</p>

<p>No concern about brain damage; they think his head got enough
blood, though the rest of his body did not.  His extremeties were 70%
oxygenated (if that's the correct term) while 95% and lower is bad
news.</p>

<p class=date>2:57pm</p>

<p>Ryan adds to the story:  he had been playing football earlier that
day and his heart rate never returned to normal after that.  He went
to work and then to his friend's house.</p>

<p>His friends carried him upstairs and downstairs in a chair.</p>

<p>At the hospital, he was conscious for the defibrulator.  He said it
felt "pretty weird."  It lasted only an instant, but he could feel it
all over his body.  He could immediately feel his heart go back to
normal (from 300 to 75 beats per minute).</p>

<p class=date>7:05pm</p>

<p>I took a big ol' phat nap on the chair that lays out into a bed
while a couple troops of visitors came through.</p>

<p>Tanner and I just dropped off my car at their house and picked up
some taco thing for Ryan to chow.  Visiting hours are over until 8:30
so we're chillin' in the waiting room with the parents and Brent, all
on beds converted from couches.</p>

<p class=message>Hey all..its tanner, rob is letting me give my spin
on things, man its been crazy.  my mom left a message on the machine
in my dorm room around 1:30 am, but i didn't get in till like 3:30,
and i started freaking out, i'd never felt such intense panic before,
if i'd listened to the whole message, i would have learned everything,
but all i heard was "ryan is in icu" so i flipped out and thought he
was in a car wreck or something.</p>

<p class=message>noah and kara drove me up to tulsa this morning, we
slept in a bit, we got to bed superlate</p>

<p class=message>we found out some crazy stuff about ryan and his
wacked out heart, besides that it was going 300 beats a minute (thats
5 beats a second!), when he got to the hospital, his blood pressure
was 30/0..thats crazy bad</p>

<p class=message>well i'm trying to set up ryan's playstation 2 in his
room so he can have some fun, and i rented a bunch of movies and games
for him. well my parents are about to crash, and rob is playing with
some toys that look fun, i think i'm going to go play too</p>

<p class=date>7:25pm</p>

<p>I'm so funny.  I just wrote on the dry erase board designed for
people to leave messages for loved ones:</p>

<pre>
mom & dad
I got out of
the ICU and
I'm running
awaaaayyy!
</pre>

<p>I got that from way back in the day when Astroworld had a similar
board.  Someone had apparently written that to his brother.</p>

<p class=date>7:29pm</p>

<p>Okay, I am typing in dvorak layout.  I haven't practiced this for
some weeks.  The only stinky thing is that this is supposed to be
dvorak - qwerty, which it is except the qwerty part is used with the
apple key instead of the control key.  Maybe I can download a dvorak -
qwerty (control) layout.</p>

<p class=date>7:37pm</p>

<p class=date>8:28pm</p>

<p>Now we just played disc in the parking garage.  We were doing some
tricky throws including skips around posts and under flag lines and
skipping off the ceiling.  Then we did a distance competition, and
each got the disc pretty far down the length of the garage.  Didn't
really measure it, but over a hundred feet, which of course was
excellent considering the low ceiling.</p>

<p class=date>9:33pm</p>

<p>Playing <em>Stuntman</em> on Playstation 2.  I pretty much suck at
it, but Tanner and Ryan are relatively good.  The "director"'s voice
is pretty funny at times.  When we drive the wrong direction, he says
"where are you going?" and when we fall off the dock into the Thames,
he says, "where are you going?" in the exact same way.  Not, "look out
for the water!" or "hey you're not a boat!"  And when flipping up onto
two wheels he just says, "cut, new take" instead of, "hey jack, cool
two wheel drivin' there, mate!"</p>

<p class=date>10:21pm</p>

<p>Ha.  Tanner just got chinese food for himself and me.  My fortune
cookie says, "you will attend an unusual party."  Postcognition?</p>

<p>- - - -</p>

<p class=date>9:21am Sunday 22 September 2002</p>

<p>Saw <em>Blade 2</em> last night, or the last half of it.  That
movie seemed to go on and on forever.  Slept on the fold out couch and
have a sore neck now, I think because the top of the couch-bed raises
up like a pillow would, which caused my head to compress into my neck.
I usually don't use a pillow under my head, but only under my
knees.</p>

<p>I wonder if I could conceivably sleep for a night in the intensive
care unit waiting room of any hospital around my journey...  If I
arrive late enough at night, no one seems to be awake enough to care
who's here or not.  Interesting...</p>
