---
title: Wing it
tags: []
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2002-09-22
---

<p class=date>2:08pm CDT Sunday 22 September 2002</p>

<p>I'm going to just wing-it in Hot Springs, Arkansas.  Oh, I guess I
should look up what highway will get me there from Tulsa.</p>

<p class=date>2:50pm</p>

<p>I got a general sense that I can take Muskogee Turnpike to 40 and
go east.  I'm back and the Phillip's house and I'm going to take a nap
before heading out.  Bhillyx is upstairs sleeping as well.  Whichever
of us wakes up first will wake up the other.  At least that's my
plan.</p>

<p class=date>9:45pm</p>

<p>I'm in Muskogee now, going east, according to the nearly full
moon.  The moon is beautiful... oh yeah.   I've driven between 80 and
90 miles tonight since Tulsa (got a bit lost and had to pay a quarter
at Sepulpa to get off the turnpike).  I'm pretty much wide awake and
just driving east on 64 I think.</p>

<p>Lots of God Bless America signage here.  Oh, that reminds me that I
have noticed myself being more polite to people while in Oklahoma.
yes ma'am, no ma'am.. that kind of thing.  Something about my
perception/belief that the culture is more conservative than my usual
haunts.  Interesting.</p>

<p>I'm not on Muskogee Turnpike.  I never found it.</p>

<p class=date>12:46am</p>

<p>Mileage for my trip since Dallas is 638.7 miles.  That means I've
driven 250 miles tonight or so I think.  I'm in Arkansas at a rest
area now to sleep for a bit.  I've been quite wide awake talking to
Wende for the past 30+ minutes.  When we hung up I was still feeling
awake, and then not so perfectly awake so I was going to continue on
but realized I don't have to stay here all night.  I can just sleep
until I'm ready and then go again.</p>

<p class=date>3:40am</p>

<p>Brr.  It's a bit chilly outside.  I'm awake now and about to
continue.  I don't remember my dreams.</p>

<p class=date>3:53am</p>

<p>oh wait, yes I do:</p>

<p class=dream>Running back to the cafeteria area I just dropped off
Wende and Ashley Powell somewhere to let them go to classes and I ran
upstairs with Scottie the Asian Sensation and Adam Lock to get some
ice cream.  There were no bowls, so we grabbed paper plates.  I put
some potato chips down on my plate to add some flavor to the treat.
The ice cream was super easy to scoop since it had been out for a
while.  I didn't get a hugemongous scoop, but a healthy sized one and
plopped it down on the chips.</p>

<p class=date>6:23am</p>

<p>I'm in Hot Springs now.  Just talked to a guy named Bill at the
Comfort Inn who gave me a map and ideas on where I can go see/touch
("but if you put your body in, the federal people will be all over
you.") a hot spring.</p>

<p class=date>7:27am</p>

<p>Welp, here I am at the base of what might be called the Eiffel
Tower of Hot Springs, Arkansas.  It looks to be about 150 feet tall
starting at the top of this hill, with apparently an elevator or
stairs to reach the top.  Six dollars for adults.  So I'm not going to
go up.  They don't open until 9am, so I'm also not going to go up.
The stairs have an emergency exit protected by a fence that certainly
might be climbable, but I'm choosing not to even try since some cat
may arrive soon to open up the tower, and my parking meter time will
expire in one hour.</p>

<p>Oh, the hot spring that I found was less than astonishing, and
might be described as pretty neat.  The waters of Tabacon blow it away
by a million light years.  Granted we paid $150 per night to stay at
Tabacon (not inc. airfare to Costa Rica and taxi to Tabacon) while
I've paid $0.35 to see this hot spring, so I see why this might not
seem as impressive.</p>

<p>I'm pretty much going to leave now and head to Memphis.</p>

<p class=date>10:07am</p>

<p>At another rest area now on I-40.  I'm sitting on a concrete picnic
table in a wooded area.  If a cloud of mosquitoes doesn't find me, I
may take another nap.</p>

<p class=date>11:58am</p>

<p>Ahh.  Nice nap.  I forgot my dream again.  My battery on the
computer says 12%, so I'm not going to wait around a lot to think of
the dream.</p>

<p class=date>1:53pm</p>

<p>Have just arrived at Lisa's house.  First order of business =
shower.  This will be my first since OKC.</p>
