---
title: gin in Potes Cantabria-Espana
tags: []
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2002-09-24
---

<pre>
date: 24 september 2002
from: gin
subj: Gin in Potes,Cantabria-España

Na-Nu-Na-Nu!  I am occasionally reminded that these electronic mind
blasts are going out to people who do not usually read english, but
never-fear, even some people who do understand my words do not
understand me at all. I hope an underlying feeling comes through. 
Love and rage, fire and earth, wild and wilder...?  I have finally
arrived at the base of yet more incredible mountains.  These are Los
Pecos De Europa, the Peaks of Europe, and my how spectacular...

      My voyage out of the Basque Country was one of those roads that
I got lost on, only because any other road would have taken me in any
other direction than west, where my final destination point rests.  I
took that cow path west instead of north-east.  It ended in the woods
on a mountain side, so on my usual 'don't look back' course, i
continued up the mountain wishing for a mountain road.  I still
reserve the wish list, for it seems most of my wishes come true, so i
choose them carefully, after accepting whatever consequences might
come of it.  Up the mountain, passing a timely water spring leaking
out of the mountain, and to a road!   On the way up the road every car
stopped and asked me if i wanted a lift.  I did not even make it to
the top before a guy stopped and told me there was a refuge at the top
where i could stay for the night.  I made it to the top and was given
a house and a key.  At the top of this sierra (1100 meters) in the
very corner of the Basque Country (i had thought i left) was a village
of sheep herders.  There was even a young woman staying in one of the
cabins.  We all had great laughs, they invited me to stay for weeks. 
I stayed two nights, the second night going down to a town in the
state of Burgos for a fiesta.  It was an excellent way to leave the
Basque Country.  I made a little study of the Basque Country.  Also
trying to find out what is up with the ETA (the terrorists!).  While i
was in Euskal Herria (the greater Basque Country) one of  the
nationalist political parties was illegalized.  Wow, 250,000 voters
illegalized!  Those folks are terminally pissed.  I never got to the
bottom of why that many people think it is more or less ok to kill
innocent folks in the name of independence from Spain.  I was given a
Basque flag, of which i has wished for many years ago.  I now know not
to show it to anyone, less i create more controversy than usual.  I am
fascinated by this part of the world, and the intense history and
culture that has brewed here.

     I am now in my last valley of Cantabria.   I have seen these
"Peaks" for a week or so, at the top of almost every mountain i have
climbed.  From the tops, to the north i can see the Atlantic-The
Cantabria Sea, to the west has been these mountains, and to the east,
every mountain in a easterly direction are the mountains i have
passed.  The people here are of a special breed as well.  When i
crossed from Burgos into Cantabria i met a farmer that was a giant. 
Blonde and almost 2 meters!  I thought, this Viking is no Basque.  Two
days later, and passing a few more with this dramatic build, i was on
a mountain top and I passed a group of archaeologists.  The director
of the project thought i had climbed the mountain to join the
excavation.  When he asked i said, "Sure I did!" I got a tour, saw the
areial photos and photos of the treasures they have found and joined
the group.  It did feel like a cult.  I learned that they were
excavating an ancient dwelling of the Cantabros, the Celtic people
that lived here 2000 years ago (explaining the giants).  The Cantabros
lived on the mountain tops because the valleys are/were too humid. 
Also, the tops are easier to defend.  Yet, unlike the Basques, the
Romans conquered Cantabria, and the mountain tops were remodeled into
elaborate Roman forts.  This one was for a battalion or
two (5000-10,000 soldiers).  I am very interested in pre-roman
civilization, but after a day of digging, and feeling like i was being
assimilated into the circle of 15 "arqueologos", i bowed out and made
my route towards where i am now.  I prefer digging for crystals.  Some
history just slaps me wrong.  The imperialists leave me wondering what
kinds of things they destroyed. My own present imperialist country
included.  I know it is a cycle, and it all has its place, but for
right or wrong, some bones are better left buried, or unslaughtered.

       The Equinox has passed, the falling leaves and cold winds and
rains present different insights.  The mountain roads, like many
paths, lead nowhere fast.  I know i am loved at home, and i look
forward to being there, sometimes it is an echoing longing.  Yet, i
shall not pass this way again.  It is like licking a tootsie-pop
(bon-bon) and searching for the carmel in the middle.  I am not in the
middle, i am on the sweet outskirts.  I have been gifted 5 whiffs of
the most delightful smell of my life, i could not find the flower, so
the mystery remains.  I stop and talk to everyone that wants to talk. 
I answer all their questions, and assure them my fear has nothing to
do with the potential dangers presented to me on this walk.  The
tender good-byes of the people from this area are not to be
forgotten.  There are no good-byes without a list of good wishes to
pave my way with luck and ease.  An elderly woman invited me in her
house this morning for coffee.  She apologized sincerely for not
having fresh cows milk. She recently had operations on both knees.  I
did not have to ask why, a lifetime on the side of such a mountain,
even a year or 3, would take its toll on the knees.  Such love in the
world.  Such suffering to complete the balance.

      The last days it has been raining, and hence foggy.  I climbed
two mountain ranges without being able to enjoy the fruit of my
labor...the view from the top.  It was a great surprise to wake up
this morning and see the peaks right in front of me.  I am on the GR
71(Grande Rondonee or Gran Recorrido= big walking trail).  I have been
on many GR routes, and this has been one of the best.  I look back and
almost everything has been the best, so it is hard to say.  I have
about 500 KM left, possibly less.  I do ask myself everyday if this is
still my way, my time to make this happen.  I am getting to the center
slowly, enjoying the conversations and sensations of every other bar,
of the forests, the animals, the people along the way.  The deer are
mating in the mountains now, and the bucks (the size of horses) groan
all night long.  They sound like suffering cows, sometimes elephants
or wolves.   Yesterday they were not even scared when i walked by, but
among the many fears people try to implant in me are those that the
bucks attack women.  I roll my eyes and fight the fear, with respect.

       Sometime tomorrow evening i will probably walk out of
Cantabria, and into Asturias.  After Asturias is Galicia (the 2
northern provinces). I was told yesterday i walk the distance and with
the same weight on my back as the soldiers in the Roman Legions.  I do
feel like a private in my private army.  Marching along to a song, or
the silence.  I know i have come to the area of the rains, and when it
rains i don't sing my rain song, i figure, 'let it rain'.  I sing my
rain song for the sun, and love the time for what it is, and try not
to look too hard for what it is not.  It will all come.  I hope
someone besides my mother enjoys this long letter.  I sing a song to
you all.  I hope that you can overlook the rudeness of a 'broadcast
mail', and write me back if you want.  Thank you for the messages you
have sent.  Bless you, big hugs and lots of healthy heart beats to
come.   ultreÓa,   gin
</pre>

