---
title: Hiatus
tags: []
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2002-09-24
---

<p class=date>10:56am CDT Tuesday 24 September 2002</p>

<p>Ok, I'm going to take a computer hiatus for a bit, right after I
synchronize my journal and emails.. (I have just caught up on
livejournal, that real life soap opera of all my YRUU peeps (all that
I know of), and read a long article about how the acceleration of
technology is likely to fuck us (humans) up pretty harshly within 30
years as we reach the singularity.)  Actually, I'm not.  Fuck it.  I'm
going to go jump on the trampoline and write some letters, not
necessarily in that order.</p>

<p>Oh, and study Japanese.</p>

<p class=date>5:18pm</p>

<p>Studied japanese while laying on the hammock and bouncing on the
trampoline, both standing and on my back.</p>

<p>Lisa came home a bit early from work; Julie was sick at school.
Not more sick than a quick nap at home could apparently solve.  She
was trampolining a bit with me and we're about to go to her soccer
game in a few minutes.</p>

<p>While bouncing on the tramp on my back, tossing a plastic bottle of
lotion in the air (it's amazing the kinds of things one can think to
do while on vacation), I caught the bottle close to my face and my
thumbnail cut my nose, right on the underside tip, like a booger
scooper slightly off target.  It didn't bleed much, but it still sorta
stings.  I did wash it off.</p>

<p>In the past, I've wondered if I can write japanese characters here
in emacs and then get them to show up correctly on my site.  Let's
see:</p>

<p>- - - -</p>

<p>Oh my gosh I don't think I mentioned this from last night.  Over
the past few weeks I've been slightly infatuated with Eminem.  Janette
and i would listedn and listen and listen over and over to Eminem Show
album and I've been listening to a compilation of Eminem Show and
Marshal Mathers LP (I think) since I left Dallas.</p>

<p><em>Anyway</em>, I was talking randomly with Lisa and Hannah last
night and I mentioned Eminem or something and Lisa goes, "oh my
brother in law just made a movie with Eminem."</p>

<p>And I go, "</p>

<pre>








                       (blank look)








</pre>

<p>Really?"</p>

<p>"Yeah."</p>

<p>"Wait.  Your brother in law just made a movie with Eminem."  My
brain is like, <em>holy shit, that puts me three people away from
knowing Eminem.</em></p>

<p>"What's the big fat hairy deal?" I can hear you asking (actually I
can hear <a href="http://www.livejournal.com/users/saube/">Colleen</a>
saying that).</p>

<p>Have you listened to his lyrics?  So funny and so creative and so
many rhymes!  And such lengual dexterity I've never heard before.
Plus he's hilarious!  And the music ain't too shabby neither.  And,
um, oh very catchy stuff.  I love it.  And I also am really pleased
with him being able to make some fat cash doing what he loves to do.
Just like The Beastie Boys, and they are equally awesome in an
entirely different way.</p>

<p>So I think it would be pretty cool to meet him, or at least to
write him a letter to check in as a fan.  (I've looked for his address
online and found nothing.)</p>

<p class=date>7:07pm</p>

<p>Game is over.  This was the most stressful job I've had while on my
trek.  I was the flag person for this side of the field.  I had to
think for a second each time the ball went out to figure out which way
to point the flag.  Quite traumatic.  Especially when I miscalled a
direction!  D'oh!  It was a subtle hit by the other team so it was
mostly out on the team that I called, but I called wrong.  Sigh.
Fortunately I didn't get paid any dollars, and the fate of the game
was not hinged on that one play.  Our team won 7 to 0.</p>

<p class=date>8:21pm</p>

<p>Oh my gosh.  Random chatting with Lisa and I find out that they
never have homework on Wednesday nights because 80% of the population
is Baptist, and they have church on Wednesdays.  Lisa's kids love it.
Being Unitarian, they don't have church *or* homework on Wednesdays..
Wow!</p>

<p>- - - -</p>

<p>We walked along the river, talking randomness and I called my dad
for his birthday; I sang him Hippo Birdy Two Ewes on his answering
machine.</p>

<p><em>Star Wars: Attack of the Clones</em> was in the local $2
theater, and Lisa hadn't seen it, so we went to see it.  Lisa and I
were half of the people in the theater.</p>

<p>Piled into the hot tub and now it's time for bed.</p>
