---
title: crap
tags: 
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2002-09-25
---

<p class=date>2:27pm CDT Wednesday 25 September 2002</p>

<p>I'm at fuckin' Kinko's in Memphis (yes, still thankful for free
internet connection) but I'm feeling pissed that I can't seem to get
anything done on this website I'm working on (spiritblueeagle.com).
I need to fuckin' revamp how the files are being displayed in a fucked
up way, but I can't seem to concentrate or anything remotely
resembling something helpful toward that end.</p>

<p>Part of it may be that I have music blasting in my headhpones from
my ever expanding mp3 collection, but usually that keeps me focused so
I don't know what the fuck is up.</p>

<p>Have I forgotten how to concentrate on shit since I've been on
vacation?  Should I just give up and quit trying to fuck with this?
Should I start from square one and redesign the whole fuckin' thing?
That option keeps looking better and better each time I try to fuck
with this shit, but I'm like dammm I don't really want to do that and
risk fucking it all up worse.  And another thing is that it's fucking
hard as shit to piss around on this website because I don't have
telnet access to it, only ftp, and that means I have to make my
changes locally and then ftp them up, but the ftp connection times out
at 300 seconds, so if I concentrate for more than 5 minutes on this
bitch then I have to refucking log in and move to the correct
directory which is minimum 15 keystrokes just to get to the directory
I need to be in.  Pissy pissy shit.</p>

<p>So I toyed with the idea of moving all the shit to my website,
which means I'll have to keep track of a different set of changes to
take into consideration the different directory structure on the two
systems (/web/cgi-bin vs /home/rob/public_html/cgi-local) and that
adds an extra layer of suckage to it.</p>

<p>Whine whine whine.  I just want to get this shit fucking done so I
don't have to fuck with it anymore.  All I really got to do is make
the shit simple for Kim to edit his own content on his website.  And
there's no real due date, so I have to make my own artificial deadline
to get this shit done.</p>
