---
title: three girls
tags: 
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2002-09-25
---

<p class=date>11:42pm CDT Wednesday 25 September 2002</p>

<p>Tonight was hilarious fun with Lisa and her three girls all at
home.  Addie is the oldest, and the one I know least - she was on IM a
lot tonight.  Hannah, Julie, Lisa and I all played on the trampoline
for quite some time, having the grandest greatest fun ever.  Double
bouncing each other, sharing stories of me and Fred double bouncing
kittens when we were little, playing crack the egg and fry the bacon
and double bouncing the baseball (not a hardball, but made of stiff
foam) and singing Ants and Cheese, plus The Beaver Song and The Walrus
Song, with Kris duly credited for it.</p>

<p>Lots and lots of laughter all through the evening, through dinner
of quesadillas and music of a CD that Addie is burning for her
friend's 16th birthday with Snoop Doggy Dogg, Michael Jackson, and
many others and others.</p>

<p>Addie's least favorie and only and very simple job is to clear out
the dishwasher each night.  She hates it and would be willing to pay
me five dollars per night to do it for her, if she only had that much
money.</p>

<p>Hannah always forgets until the last minute to have her mom sign
things so even after Lisa was all, "do you have anything for me to
sign?" and Hannah was all "no" then later Hannah was all, "oh!  I do
have something for you to sign!"  It was a paper used to indicate in
what language the parents were literate.  Basically Lisa had to sign
to say she knows English.</p>

<p>Julie is the youngest and most enjoyed being double bounced on the
trampoline.  "Do it again!  Do it again!" after she shrieked as I
bounced her high enough off the trampoline for her to stand up.
Excellent fun stuff!</p>

<p>I made a honey/feta/mozarella quesadilla and switched one sixth of
it with a sixth of Addie's.  It was the last one that she chose to
eat, and she immediately noticed.  Funny thing was that she didn't
notice me doing the actual switch even though she was walking back to
the table when I switched.</p>

<p>What an interestingly different life I may have had if only I had
sisters growing up.</p>

