---
title: Dream
tags: [ "dream" ]
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2002-09-26
---

<p class=date>9:35am CDT Thursday 26 September 2002</p>

<p class=note>(dream)</p>

<p class=dream>At a Wal-mart, outside in the parking lot and sorta
loitering there waiting for them to open because they were closed
having an employee only meeting.  I packed my stuff up and my backpack
was too light; my computer wasn't in it.  I freaked a bit and went
into the front of the store in an attempt to walk through and get my
coputer that I thought I had left on the other side of the building,
but some employee was all, "I'm sorry sir, blah blah blah" and I tried
to be all polite and went back out and ran around the store and I
heard him call me so I turned around but he didn't see me, thinking
that I had already gone around, so he went back inside, and I
<em>ran</em>, trying to get around the entire store before he was able
to walk through the center.  and some woman came out, "all "you forgot
your computer over by the loading dock" and I was all, "I assure you I
did <em>not</em> forget it; I was coming back here right now to get
it." and she was all, "fine" and then I started cussing and just let
my inner Slim Shady throw anger out into the world cause I was so mad
that someone would think I might forget my computer somewhere or that
I would not know exactly where it was at all times.</p>

<p class=dream>Some cats from KTRU were there to comfort me - Ben, and
some new DJs, like freshmen who I had never previously met.  I hugged
Ben all bigly and thanked him for his support.  His eyes teared a
little bit and then Maggie was there and asked how I was doing and I
told her an overwiew and then I realized I had missed my job starting
date with Star Pizza or Amy's Ice Cream and that I had just been
having so much fun that I forgot to go back to them on a certain
Monday tahat I said I would.</p>

<p class=dream>I woke up with Eminem lyrics in my head "y'all are
steady tryin' to drown a shark"</p>

