---
title: Ultimate
tags: []
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2002-09-28
---

<p class=date>9:22pm CDT Saturday 28 September 2002</p>

<p>After spaghetti dinner at church, as a fundraiser for the junior
high, we played random object throwing games (bouncy ball, soccer
ball, ultimate disc) in the field.  Eventually it turned into a game
of ultimate.  Totally my pleasure to help introduce the game to so
many eager kids.  I'm impressed with how quickly they embraced the
game, and were just <em>playing</em> ultimate and having turnovers all
over the place, but everyone knowing what was going on, never
surprised at what team had the disc and why.  Okay, the concept is
simple, but these are mostly 8-11 year olds.  I was impressed.</p>

<p>Funny was a kid about 3 years old who <em>really</em> wanted to
play and have someone throw the disc to him, so I did and he caught it
and it hit him in the lower lip, so his expression when he causght it
was priceless.  I interpreted it as, "I'm happy that I caught it, but
that hurt.  Am I happy or sad here?  Wow that wasn't quite as fun as I
had hoped!"  I knelt in front of him and checked his mouth.  Little
bit of blood.  Lisa escorted him off field to his mom.</p>

<p>Two brothers were there - Johnny and Jacob.  Jacob was about 4
years old and really trying so hard to be as big as his brother who
would taunt the shit out of him or worse, ignore him.  I talked to
Jacob a lot and helped him learn how to catch the frisbee with two
hands alligator style instead of trying to catch it with both arms
underneath like a holding a blanket.</p>

<p>He did quite well catching after that.  I'm hoping my being nice to
him helps erase my bad karma of kicking my little brother's butt when
we were little.</p>
