---
title: Today
tags: 
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2002-09-30
---

<p class=date>Monday 30 September 2002</p>

<p>As a service to the household, I cleaned out hair from the shower
drains as Lisa prepared food and Julie came home and we walked the dog
while Julie practiced piano, and we picked up Hannah at school and
took Julie to her paino lesson at Rhodes College during which Hannah
Bannannah and I trekked over to the cafeteria type thing and munched
hot dogs & french fries (her) and onion rings & orange-cream frozen
yogurt (me).  I walked in barefoot.  I kept expecting to be kicked
out, but was not.</p>

<p>By the time we were done eating, Julie and Lisa walked over after
the piano lesson and we all chatted.  Hannah and I started a King of
the Wall game, on the 15 inch wide, 2.5 foot tall wall around the
courtyard of the cafeteria.  I could (not entirely easily or safely)
beat her every time just with my bigger size, so we played Phat Pat's
whoever-moves-their-feet-first-loses game, where each player can only
touch the other player's hands.  We were much more evenly matched at
that, and had to spice it up with ninja sound effects and psych-out
starts: "ready... go!" and both pull our hands away to make the other
fall forward.  That never worked, but we sure did try it a lot.</p>

<p>Watched the sun go down behind the trees, while sharing a slurpee
with Julie, then I tried to get mono by eating the rest of Hannah's
ice cream, got some frozen yogurt for Addie, we did cartwheels on the
way back to the car.  Cartwheels and round offs.  I did a couple of
cartwheels while holding my computer in one hand.  I like how light
and durable it is.  What a wonderful great day!</p>

<p class=date>7:29pm CDT Monday 30 September 2002</p>

<p>Just hugged and said bye to Hannah, Addie, Julie, who are at their
dad's house for the night; I'm leaving the big city of Memphis in the
AM.  Tonight Lisa and I are going to watch the second episode of
Southpark on Volume 10</p>

<p class=date>10:33pm</p>

<p>After dropping off the kids at their dad's, Lisa and I went to get
Pulp Fiction and I told her no fewer than 8 eight of my long jokes
(very short versions with lots of "blah blah blahs") and even told a
couple while we were in Hollywood Video and the woman was registering
Lisas's account since they were the only one that had Pulp Fiction
(Two different Blockbuster's did not) and we got ice cream and she got
me an apple and baby carrots for my trip (for which I'm super
thankful) and um, oh we got home and ate ice cream and watched the
second episode of Southpark on Volume 10 and are ready to watch Pulp
Fiction now.</p>

