---
title: party
tags: 
author: Rob Nugen
date: 1992-01-02
---

<p class=note>(transcribed from Book Two of my diary)</p>

<p class=date>8:PM Thursday January 2nd 1992</p>

<p>I am back at home now.  A lot happened at the beach house.  I was
most pleased with my outgoingness and the fact that I <b>learned</b>
every single name there.  Some cool things that I want to remember:

<p><li>Mike had a HUGE jam box.  It truthfully reminded me of a space
craft.

<p><li>Danny gave us $70 to purchase fireworks.  We went to the stand
and just kept on getting stuff.  "How much is it now?" we would ask.
"$40" "Ok.  let's get some more" At the end our total was $71.30.  The
girl said, "The total is 71.30."  I said, "Shoot - we've only got 70
dollars."  She said, "well, that's okay.. I'll cover the
dollar-thirty."  Cool.  There was also a dog named Chopper there.  So
in the "Special thanks go to" section of the Smelg album, we'll put
"Special thanks to Chopper, and the chick who spotted us a
dollar-thirty on a seventy dollar purchase of explosives."

<p><li>The ground between the beach and house was loaded with cockle
burrs.  The first couple of times that I went across, I wore shoes.
Then I walked barefoot across them.  The last several times, though, I
would yell "Yaaaaagghhhh!!" and <b>run</b> across them at top speed.
It was so hilarious when I'd hear behind me, "Wait, Rob, ther's
cockleburrs there!" I would yell back, "It's Ok!!" and continue
running.  Each time I did that, I'd end up with about 10 of them in my
feet.

<p><li>The last day, Mike, Bryan (Devin's brother) and I played
frisbee for a whle and then played tag with the two young cousins of
Devin & Bryan, Adam & Genie.  I drew a 20 by 20 foot boundary and we
played freeze tag for a while.  Then the grils got back from walking
and played as well.  That was so fun.  After that, we dug a sand
castle.  It was mostly Sarah and I who did it.  We dug a hole in the
center and built walls around it and then used the water for drippy
sand structures around the whole wall.  It was very nice.

<p>We watched some Tiny Toons, I had never seen them before, but I can
see why Maggie has 8 or 16 hours worth of Tiny Toons recorded.  At the
end it was almost Rally quality goodbyes & stuff.  We all had a
fantastic time and vowed to do it again.  

<p>We stopped at Adam's house and I got to meet his lovely sister,
Wendy.  She had her hair slicked back with conditioner.  It looked so
good.  We played on Adam's computers and he gave me a copy of
Lemmings.  I was invited to spend the night there, but I wanted to see
Tammy, so I had them bring me home.
