---
title: reunion
tags: 
author: Rob Nugen
date: 1992-01-17
---

<p class=note>(transcribed from Book Two of my diary)</p>

<p class=date>Friday, January 17, 1992, 9AM</p>

<p>On Wednesday, John (Maggie's boyfriend) called me at about 11AM &
invited me to go play racquetball at UH.  Cool! So we played 3 games.
he won the first two, & I won the last one.  It was highly fun, and we
will do it again.  We'll aslo invite Maggie and Marcel.  John told me
that I was invited to a pizza party at his house on Friday (today) I
told him that I was invited to Lego night at Marcel's.  He was like,
"Lego Night!!! Alright! Let's have it at <em>my</em> house!"  So we're going to have a Lego, pizza night tonight at John's. Cool.

<p>Wednsday late, Laura got home.  She called me, and I went out there & helped her unload her car.  It was really great to see her and touch her and smell her again.  After unloading, we cuddled on her bed until about 5am.  I got home at exactly 5:30AM. (Tammy just left) Laura & I made out like crazy.

<p>Thursday, I layed on the modem and then went to Sear's to get some
black slacks.  Fuckin' $43 dollars! (Don't be redundant.  Don't be
redundant.) After that, I went to the dorms at about 6PM.  As soon as
I got there, Jodi, Gred, John, Laura & I left for Star Pizza.  Marcel
wanted to go, but they forgot to get him.  The pizza was great,
especially the crust.  It was whole wheat crust that would melt in
one's mouth like a biscuit.  cool.  While there, we watched the last
half of Bill & Ted's Bogus Journey.  We got there just as they were in
Hell and the military dude said, "drop & give me <b>infinity!</b>"
"Ted, <gasp> there's no way I can do infinity pushups..."  Very funny.
We got back and immediately found out Marcel wanted to go.  oops.
John & I played againist Laura & Marcel at Spades.  John and I beat
them handily.  The entire timie, John was staring at his watch,
waiting for Maggie & Molly to get back.  Cool thing: They called his
mom from Little Rock, Arkansas.  Laura was trying to figure out how
far it was from there to here.  I pulled out my day planner, "441
miles," I said.  Dude. what a handy dandy planner.  In order to make
the time go faster, we played Legos at Marcel's.  I made a car using
the design from my 8860 set.  (Big black auto chassis with big 4X4
wheels) Marcel had some cool-out pieces.  After I finished my car, I
went down to Laura's.  Molly was there! Alright!!!  I gave her a big
big hug.  It was wonderful to see her.  I deduced that Maggie must be
in her room, so I ran up there to see her.  She was like,
"Hey. <recognized me> Oh, HI!!"  Hug Hug I wanted to smooch her, but
as I did, she kinda moved & made me miss her lips.  I will apologize
for it later.  Maggie is wonderful.  We unloaded their stuff and then
went to House of Pies.  (Oh - right after we returned from Star Pizza,
Jodi & Greg retired to bed) (Oh 2 - Before I came out to go to pizza,
I called Laura, and she said they were leaving almost right away, and
that they were hungry.  So when I got there I said, "Hey, dudes." &
John instantly said, "Ok let's go." I really appreciated them waiting.
(That last sentence was the whole point of Oh 2.))

<p>House of Pies was cool.  When we first got there, we saw a girl
with purple tightly braided hair, a nose ring and 3 lip rings.  They
were just big enough to fit over the roundness of her lips, so they
weren't likely to get caught on a fork or anything, but I had not seen
anything like it before.  Cool.

<p>After house of Pies, we split up into our separate rooms.  Laura &
I & Molly went to their room.  I was darn tired & lay on their bean
bag for a bit.  Laura invited me up to her bed, so I resed my head on
her bed.  We kissed a bit when Molly was in the bathroom brushing her
teeth & stuff.  Then I cruised home.  On the way through OB, Dana and
some girl were at the OB desk.  (Dana is the girl who had me
introduced to her as Chuckie) The other girl was her roomate, Stacia.
I talked to them for a little while and then went home.

<p>When I woke up this morning (Friday, still) Tammy was humping &
grinding on me.  (There's no better way to be awakened) We had great
sex.  She told me about her night last night: 1) Hai asked her to
sleep with him. (She was flattered, but declined) 2) She had her
handwriting analyzed:

<pre>
She will have twin sons.  The relationship she's in now (me) is not
good, and she needs to break it up, but she does not want to.  She's
self supporting, but doesn't believe it.  She'll go through 3 other
relationships before she finds the right one.  She'll have a major big
career change from what she is pursuing, and will be very rich & well
known in her new career.
</pre>

<p>Cool out.  I thought it was pretty neat the way he told her things
that were true without knowing her.  Dude... that's it.  Today I need
to call Christopher, Kroger guy, and set up my first work hours for
Sunday.  Then I'm going to the dorms again and will go to Lego Pizza
night at John's with everyone.  Should be great.  I want to bring my
8860 set manual, and copy it, since Marcel lost his copy.  I also want
to bring some black string and rebuild his wenches.  (There were 3 of
them in a huge knot last night) So I'll check ya later.  Love Rob
