---
title: dorm movies
tags: []
author: Rob Nugen
date: 1992-01-18
---

<p class=note>(transcribed from Book Two of my diary)</p>

<p class=date>Saturday, Januray 18, 1992, 6:35pm</p>

<p>I called Greer, and he requested that I come in from 6AM to 2PM
tomorrow.  Holy Shit that's early.  I'll live, though.  Last night
after work, I went out to the dorms, and we all took Marcel's Legos to
John's house.  Actually, before we left, I met some other people in
the dorm.  I met Christa(?) (I think that was her name) and I re-met
Elizabeth.  (She was the Elizabeth that played football with us last
semester after ultimate frisbee) Elizabeth had received a bullwhip for
Christmas, so we were all cracking that.  It was cool.  I threw a
tennis ball and dotted a guy's eye with it.  I met him (Terry) that
way.  He looks just like Ted in Bill and Ted's Excellent Adventure.
cool.  At John's, we ordered 6 pizzas.  There were plenty of cokes,
and fun things.  Maggie & Molly brought presents for everyone.  I got
a sweatshirt (wearing it) that has "THINK" embroidered on the top left
chest area.  I brought Maggie a thing of yogurt covered raisins from
Kroger.  They are super.  They also brought popping candy.

<p>We all (All = Jodi, Greg, Laura, me, Maggie, John, Marcel, Cindy,
Danielle, Charlie, Molly, & Steve.  These names are paired according
to who was hugging on who, except for the last two (Molly & Steve) who
hugged on no one.) watched <em>Terminator 2</em> and <em>Joe versus
The Volcano</em>.  We never did get out Marcel's Lego's, though.  We
left there at about 2AM. Molly sat in my lap on the way home.  On our
way through OB hall, Dana, Stacia, and some security guy were in
there, so I gave them each a packet of popping candy.  Dana & Stacia
exchanged flavors; Stacia likes orange, and Dana likes strawberry.  We
went to Larua & Molly's room and I lay down for a bit on their bean
bag.  Laura walked me out, and we kissed for a few minutes at the exit
door.  Nice.  Oh- while we watched the movie, she rubbed my feet for a
few minutes.  I Loved it.  Tammy never does that.  Later
