---
title: skate Exxon tunnels Jesus Saves
tags: []
author: Rob Nugen
date: 1993-11-24
---

<p class=date>24 November 1993</p>

<p>On Wednesday before Thanksgiving, I went roller blading (what I
call terrorizing the city) for about 6 hours.  Major major fun.</p>

<p>I got busted (twice) for going into a pedestrian tunnel system that
connects Jones Hall with some parking lots.  The second time, six
security guards trapped us down there...  Crap!  They made us take off
our skates and go see the supervisor.  He just looked at us and said,
"Tsk. get them out of here." He meant to say, "don't waste my time;
they were just skating."  Heh.  So we went outside and cruised.</p>

<p>That group of skaters went to a bar, so I found another group and
we skated about 4 different parking garages.  First we did the "Exxon"
garage. (most garages are named by whatever prominent business is in
the bottom of the building.)  I had always wanted to do this one,
because it's a 6 level continuous spiral all the way down.  However,
this was the first night I had been with a group that knew how to get
into the building. We slipped by the little guard house, in which
there was a guard, but he was either sleeping or reading or didn't
care.  We hit the elevator up to the 6th floor and headed down the
ramp.</p>

<p>The entire 6 levels was a continuous slide-turn all the way down.
The thing is pretty steep for that tight of a turn, so there was no
use in trying to go faster, so we just cruised smoothly all the way
down it.</p>

<p>When we got to about the second level, we began to hear shouts of,
"Hey!  Stop!!  hey!!"  We never saw anyone by the time we rocketed out
into the street and bolted to about 2 blocks away.
<br>Cool.<p>

<p>After a few minutes, we were joking about, "Oh, here comes the
guard stumbling and panting: '<puff> <puff> I finally <puff> found you
kids.. <puff>' Yeah? bye!" and we would simply skate away.  Heh.</p>

<p>We then went to the "First City" garage and skated it twice without
incident. We decided that no guards were there because the garage
wasn't very fun anyway.</p>

<p>Then we cruised to "Jesus Saves."  The garage is so named for two
reasons. First, nearby is an *old* church (old for Houston, but not
old for, say, Europe) with a gaudy as anything sign at the top
that says, "Jesus Saves." The sign really ruins the effect of the
coolness of an old church.
<br>The other reason is that if you make it down this garage without
wiping out, Jesus saved you from oblivion. There is no other way about
it.</p>

<p>We skated into the building and found the elevators.  The garage
has 13 levels and only 6 ramps going down.  Do some quick math to
figure out that each ramp goes down *2* levels instead of 1.  Do some
quick physics and figure out that a skater will be going *fast* by the
time he or she gets to the bottom.</p>

<p>There is some more physics pertinent to the situation.  Cars going
up or down the ramps need plenty of friction on the actual sloped
part.  They don't need quite so much friction on the flat curve to get
to th next ramp.  For us on skates, it's the opposite.  We don't need
friction on the way down, but we would like some friction in order to
facilitate our turns.  For a week after it happened, I could show you
my knee which proves that although there is not sufficient friction on
the curves to keep one upright, there is sufficient friction to skin a
knee.  (It wasn't too bad, though.)  I fell on one curve on the way
down, and my knee pad took most of the skid, but it slid off my knee a
little bit.  Oh well.  I zipped down the rest of the levels and waited
until everyone else had come down.</p>

<p>After many high fives, we went to the elevators again.  Just as I
pressed the up button, a voice came from a speaker in the wall, "You
guys need to leave the garage now."  "Okay!  Thanks!  See ya!"  We
cruised.</p>
