---
title: movies
tags: 
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2002-11-02
---

<p class=date>10:20pm CST Saturday 2 November 2002</p>

<p>As we pulled in the parking lot around 9pm, I jokingly said, "let's
wait until we're the last ones here..." since we were *Almost* the
last ones there last time.  We thought we were and were all, "yes!!!"
as we left thinking we were the last ones in the store, and then as we
left we saw a guy go up to the counter!  Man.  We thought bad thoughts
at him and laughed and went on our way.  That was the night we rented
<em>April Fool's Day</em>.</p>

<p>Jack and I just got back from the video store.   We took forever in
there, wandering about, mostly in the drama section, trying different
techniques of selecting a movie, including randomly choosing an aisle,
a set of shelves, a particular shelf, and which box to select, and
rejected the result: a comedy starring Bill Murray who inherits a
circus elephant, sells it to the highest bidder and has a wacky
adventure driving the elephant across country.</p>

<p>As I lay on the floor, I noticed a movie starring Adam Horovitz
(sp) (?) about a motorcycle adventure and I then decided to get the
Beastie Boys movie, the cover of which just says "BEASTIE BOYS" in big
3D letters like a monolithic structure.  As I reached for the box,
Jack said, "I have an idea: we can have a race..."</p>

<p>"I'm getting the Beastie Boys ...and see who gets a movie first?" I
simultaneously interrupted and finished his sentence.</p>

<p>"Yes," smiled Jack the way he smiles when something is ironic.
"stupidest idea ever..."     "Okay, you got something; let's go."</p>

<p>But we didn't go, and he suddenly jumped and did a 180 in the air
and was all, "have you seen... the war of the buttons?"</p>

<p>"No, what's it about?"</p>

<p>He picked up the box.  "It's about these kids, apparently, and
there's a war.."</p>

<p>"Have you seen it?"</p>

<p>"No, it was just the first thing I saw when I turned around."</p>

<p>hahahahaahahaha!</p>

<p>And when we got to the counter, I was all, "is it 10 o'clock yet?"</p>

<p>"Ten ten."</p>

<p>"Yes!"</p>

<p>We were the last ones in the store.</p>
