---
title: maraiah
tags: []
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2002-11-04
---

<p class=date>11:13pm CST Monday 4 November 2002</p>

<p>I called Jennifer N-P twice tonight since she says we need to meet
before Friday.  At 8pm, soon after I called her the second time, while
I happened to be removing a rat worth of long hair from the shower
drain as a community service to this homestead, the phone rang and it
was for me.</p>

<p>This is the first (first!) time that I've received a phone call
here, so I assumed it was Jennifer.  After smalltalk, including "yeah,
I just removed a rat sized wad of hair from the shower," I was all,
"so do we need to meet face to face, or can we meet over the phone?"</p>

<p>"Um, remember I live in Houston."</p>

<p>!!!!! um um um um um, "Hi Maraiah!"</p>

<p>- - - -</p>

<p>What's awesome to hear is how she's going through such great
personal growth.  It might mean (the beginning of) the end of her four
year relationship, since he is apparently choosing not to grow as
well.  It's actually a bit scary to me; I get a sense that he has the
patience of someone who might obsessively focus on her (read stalk) if
she breaks up.</p>

<p>But I don't know him as well as she does, and she's a smart girl,
who thinks carefully about her actions and how'll they'll affect her
future.</p>

<p>She and Sarah are going to embark on a long roadtrip, hopefully an
ultimate roadtrip together.  Ultimate because they would each choose
to leave their kids/dogs with parental units during the adventure.</p>

<p>She mentioned that I hadn't posted anything to my journal in 2
days, and that she found my site rather addicting and missed her daily
fix of my writing.  Flattering that she said I write well.   Told her
that I was considering putting a way for people to post comments to my
entries, but that I would not allow comments to comments on my site.
Fuck all that.</p>

<p>Maraiah was all, "oh my gosh" or something when I mentioned UUism
as my youth group work.  That's what came up when she took a test on
what religion she was.  That and something Buddhism.  Not quite as
accessible as UUism.</p>

<p>We talked about Sarah some, and how we both want the best for her,
though sometimes it seems that Sarah is unwilling to consider putting
herself first.  She almost certainly won't put herself in front of her
girls, but she doesn't think of herself before *anyone*, it seems to
me.</p>

<p>I was going to tell her a confusing bit about <em>The Ring</em>,
but she asked that I not tell her before she goes to see it so we can
discuss it.</p>

<p>I told her I was thankful for our relationship since we've never
gotten romantically involved (although we've talked about it).  That
makes it easier for me to be comfortable yammering with her about
anything and everything now.</p>
