---
title: Jennifer Nichols-Payne
tags: []
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2002-11-06
---

<p class=date>2:11pm CST Wednesday 6 November 2002</p>

<p>Just had a meeting with Jennifer Nichols-Payne.  She asked that we
talk before Friday.  Good job us.</p>

<p>She told me that while it was just adults who were complaining
about me, she didn't really worry about it.  However, she has heard
directly from 2 or 3 youth, all female, who have said that they felt
uncomfortable with me as an advisor - that I'm creepy or that I hugged
them inappropriately.  This is the first time I have heard that any
youth have complained about me.</p>

<p>She said that she will talk to HAC-YAC and HARE, and try to get me
to the rally as either a guest speaker or something else.  I told her
my preference would be, if I couldn't attend the whole rally because I
don't have a church backing me as an advisor (and I don't have any
teenage kids of my own (don't get any ideas)), to attend the Saturday
night event, worship, talent show, Silent Football.  I said, "and a
hundred adults can watch me the whole time to make sure I don't do
anything inappropriate; I don't care."</p>

<p>In another irony, she said that some people have sent her portions
of my online journal, asking "should we be concerned about this?"
referring to something I had written.  How beautifully ironic.  In the
case she cited, she was all, "no," and the person apparently re-read
it and was all, "oh, you're right."</p>

<p>I will <em>definitely</em> focus some time on allowing people to
comment on my shit that I write in here.  If you have concerns, write
to me.  I'm not a hard person to talk to.</p>

<p>So I've been gone for lunch too long already.  I've got Eminem
blasting in my car as I write this, wearing my hoodie though it's hot
as fuck in here.  Lots of sweat.</p>

<p>Thank you to Jennifer for having the balls to talk to me, even if
it is just her doing her job.</p>

<p>Oh, she asked how I'd be with discussing advisor attendance at the
CYA meeting.  I told her I'd be fine; I won't freak out at the
meeting.  She further asked if I'd be okay with not attending part of
the meeting if others in the meeting are uncomfortable talking in
front of me.  Certainly no problem; I have plenty of things to keep me
entertained.</p>

<p>I only want what's best for the youth.</p>

###comments

<p>calderrrrrabbit
<p>Hahahahahaha!!
<p>you are whats best for us.<br>
:-/
