---
title: mmmmmm
tags: 
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2002-11-09
---

<p class=date>8:38pm CST Saturday 9 November 2002</p>

<p>So much funny stuff!</p>

<p>So much awesomeness!</p>

<p>Saying hi to Jason's mom Kathy who was looking for Jason and when I
found him for her in the YA meeting, they were discussing how to get
Ice T as a speaker at a workshop.  Other options included Coolio, oh
shit I forgot, but it was a funny list.  Claire has the notes.</p>

<p>Hilarious with Rosemary stealing my nametag to become me, and
Edward talking about more cartoons and Krista (sp) joining me and
several youth to watch Anthony explain in terms of circles and French
flags (no green available) how he could dilute his genes over some
generations to have offspring 100% Italian, and suddenly a game of
pictionary breaking out of that including Sam drawing an instantly
recognizable hangman thing so he changed it and just drew until what
he was drawing begin to look like what we were saying and then saying,
"yes! that's it!" when someone said, "intestinal system of a worm!"</p>

<p>Dinner talking to Jim, a minister at New Orleans' new church,
telling me how he's been practicing yoga off and on for 33 years, and
who noticed me sitting all yoga-like at the service this morning, and
finally, finally me finding someone who described the same type of
thing that I experience of being able to listen to a higher self, a
spiritual connection to god and know what needs to be done.  He said
he might be sitting in meditation and suddenly know he needs to leave
for the city council meeting right now, and not know why, but know
that he needs to play some role there, whatever it may be.</p>

<p>Then talking to The Real Frank Roesler Experience, who is taking
statistics classes and who wants to do something in statistics and to
Claire Sexton, who just got back from a several week trek to Europe on
Euro-rail pass, staying with friends of friends in different houses
and sometimes in hostels and having a blast and a half.</p>

<p>Talking to Cindy from Amarillo, which is 3600 feet elevated on a
big flat arid plain where they have to plant trees and import water to
have anything but a desert.  Then answering questions for Crystal and
Krista and Kellie, some about what the heck I am doing in the world
(who is this Rob character anyway?) and answering questions about YRUU
and can I come to Springfield (I'd like to be the Knight In Shining
Armor, but YAC can handle it) to help?</p>

<p>And now I'm basically caught up.  Dance tonight.</p>

