---
title: Morning worship
tags: 
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2002-11-09
---

<p class=date>8:19am CST Saturday 9 November 2002</p>

<p>Brilliant parable where a rabbi told the head monk that "one of you
is the Messiah."  So each of them wondered "who could it be?"  and all
started treating eachother with more respect, just in case <em>he</em>
was the Messiah.  And, "just in case <em>I</em> am the Messiah," each
person began to treat others with the respect a Messiah would
give.</p>

<p>Ended up that the place became more vibrant and began to grow
again, as visitors felt revered.  The monestary grew and flourished.
This was the gift of the rabbi to the monestary.</p>

<p class=date>8:52am</p>

<p>Nathan (with a goatee!) and LaUURYn just walked in. :-)  Great to
see them again!</p>

<p>- - - -</p>

<p>An interesting point is being made that our news media headlines
are all poopy, but our religious hymns have lines of hope and love and
beauty.</p>

<p class=date>9:03am</p>

<p>Okay, that was a bearable adult worship.  A funny thing is that
just as we got into the song "Now let us sing," with the men singing
the low and women on the high parts, with people groovin' and movin'
and having a great time, the song got to its fourth verse and ended.
A youth version would have gone until the song ran itself out, with
people just shouting a word to use in the last line before the verse
started.  So strange to have the energy of the room <em>just</em>
beginning to be riled up and then... <em>bang</em> no energy, that was
too scary, let's sit down.</p>

<p class=date>9:13am</p>

<p>Haha: "... will get to keep this plaque for a year until we award
the 199--, uh 2003 anti-racism award."</p>

<p>- - - -</p>

<p>Ironic that after six years of work, she is getting an award and I
am getting kicked out.</p>

<p>- - - -</p>

<p>Wow.  My mom is getting an award.  Good job, Ma!</p>

<p>For serving two congregations for a while and newsletters and
columns and stuff, always promoting UU principles.</p>
