---
title: funny not
tags: 
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2002-11-16
---

<p class=date>7:17pm CST Saturday 16 November 2002</p>

<p>Hmmm.</p>

<p>I'm not sure if this is real or not; we adults are discussing
Annie's apparent reaction to people being passionate about a
controversial issue (confidentiality of what youth say in a group).</p>

<p>I don't think that she's actually upset by it.  This is her fifth
Youth Advisor Training; she's been through two years of Youth Council
and one year of Steering Committee.  I don't think this one day of
adults yammering about stuff could have really upset her.</p>

<p>Also, this "crisis situation" seems mysteriously like other fake
issues that have been manufactured at LDCs.</p>

<p class=date>7:53pm</p>

<p>I have a bit of concern that if this is manufactured, how will
everyone react when finding out?  Can it be argued that this
<em>is</em> learning?  Someone just griped that "we are here to
learn," with the implication that we are not learning now.  Hmmm.</p>

<p class=date>8:07pm</p>

<p>It's over.  Or our decision has been made that we will apologize
and then to get back on track, covenant the process we will follow,
then get back to the training.  Lisa went to go get Annie and
Matthew.</p>

<p>I can't tell if it was manufactured yet, but nothing is telling me
that it wasn't.</p>

<p class=date>8:11pm</p>

<p>What?  holy shit Lisa just said that Matt wants to talk to her a
bit more before they come back in.  That sounds like it was real.</p>

<p class=date>8:13pm</p>

<p>We're going to break for a moment.  Wait until they call us back
into session.</p>

<p class=date>8:43pm</p>

<p>Fred is totally facilitating this conversation.</p>

<p>Matt points out that our covenant does not explicitly tell us how
to listen.</p>

<p>Very interesting.</p>

<p class=date>8:53pm</p>

<p>Interesting at how angry some people got at signing the covenant
and how much people are so distraught over this whole thing.</p>

<p class=date>9:32pm</p>

<p>Well, apparently it was real.  I think the process was quite
important and valuable for the group.  I have been made aware of the
possibility that I talked over Annie.  I am thankful for this
awareness and will strive to continue such awareness.</p>

