---
title: Today
tags: 
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2002-11-22
---

<p class=date>10:48pm CST Friday 22 November 2002</p>

<p>Recently (whatever that means), I discern something about how I
live my life.  Something like when I don't take care of myself, I end
up feeling anxious and unable to decide what to do next, like the OS
that spends more time trying to optimize its actions than doing what
it needs to do.</p>

<p>My life has been thrown off balance due to working many hours at
work.  My paycheck indicates I worked like 90+ hours in the last two
weeks, which to me is a lot, considering at FSD I worked like 35 hours
a week and walked 5 minutes to get there, whereas lately I've had to
drive 30 minutes to Prestonwood blah blah blah whatever.  fuck trying
to defend if I have actually been working a lot.</p>

<p>- - - -</p>

<p>I <em>did</em> get Oksana's email address.  She's the cute Russian
girl at work, and it turns out she has a seven year old son.  That
scratches her right off my list, but she's still cute.  I'll write to
her soonishly maybe.</p>

<p>- - - -</p>

<p>At work today I was mostly up in the catwalk on the curved white
truss, re-tying some ropes to raise a piece of fabric by 1 foot.
Vince helped me.</p>

<p>- - - -</p>

<p>Another part of my feeling discombobulated is that I haven't yet
received my clear plastic folder that had all my current papers and
shit in it, which I left at Barbie's.  She said she sent it to me
here, but it doesn't seem to have arrived yet.  Pooh.</p>

<p>- - - -</p>

<p>ANYWAY, I have noticed I feel out of wack, and it's due to me
working so many hours (gone 11 hours per day), and I'm glad to finally
be done with that.</p>

<p>I have the weekend off to get all my shiznit together and do stuff
for myself.</p>

<p>- - - -</p>

<p>Sean came in for about an hour; he's going to an ultimate
tournament in Denton.  Sean needed a ride.  In a lovely coincidence,
Hart and two other of Sean's friends are going to Denton (actually
Lewisville) for a party and will be glad to drop him off after the
party.  Rock.</p>
