---
title: pre trip
tags: 
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2002-11-25
---

<p class=date>11:44pm CST Monday 25 November 2002</p>

<p>I feel much better than earlier today.  Talking with Janette helped
a lot.  I got my scrapbook caught up - had lots of notes and movie
stubs and pictures floating around.. they are all securely taped to
pages in my scrapbook now.</p>

<p>I am basically packed - taking a minimum amount of stuff - just
clothes, and my computer and that's it.  And my Japanese books and
that's it.  Plus the rest of the books in my library, and my cell
phone, and that's it.  Oh, and my bike.  But that's it.  That's all
I'm taking.  Plus some money and some letter writing supplies, and
that's everything.  And Sock Monkey.  But nothing more than that.. and
my food, but that's it.  And my car.  And skates in the trunk.  But
that's all I'm taking.  And my camera of course, but nothing else.
Along with my sleeping bag and pillow, but that is it; I'm not taking
anything else.  Except my maps.  I'm taking them, but no more than
that, I mean it.  And my music, but nothing more.  Oh, and my
toothbrush and stuff, but that's all.  And shoes.  Nothing else.</p>

<p>I'm pretty tired.  I'm doing a little load of laundry, and I'm
definitely leaving tomorrow.  I was scoping out the map and see cool
places like Pie Town, White Sands, Albuquerque, Gallup, four corners,
Aztec Ruins Monument, etc etc.  Soo much to see!!!</p>

<p>Oh and the grand canyon and all that.  I also wanna see Hoover Dam
again.</p>

<p class=date>1:28am CST Tuesday 26 November 2002</p>

<p>Wow.  So I've been poring over my maps and see so so so so so many
options.  The simplest thing is to take 30 west, which merges into 20
just west of Fort Worth and 20 merges into 10 just east of El Paso.
North-ish of El Paso is Carlsbad Caverns in New Mexico, and north of
that is Roswell possibly featuring interesting alien stuff.  But if I
go north at Abilene, I can see Lubbock (just to say I've been there)
and to Amarillo (ditto) and then go west on 40 and be right in the
middle of the top of New Mexico and see stuff up there.  I forget
what.</p>

<p>I decided I was too tired to decide now, so I'm going to bed and
will maybe decide in the AM.  Or maybe in Big Springs or in Abilene.</p>
