---
title: balmorhea
tags: 
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2002-11-27
---

<p class=date>2:43pm CST Wednesday 27 November 2002</p>

<p>Guess who's back?  Back again?  At Balmorhea, about to swim...</p>

<p>I might be crazy, but the pool here is spring fed and therefore "a
constant 78 degrees" which is not exactly warm, but it's as warm as
room temperature, and warmer than Barton Springs in Austin.</p>

<p>But the ambient temperature outside is a bit nippy and there seems
to be no concept of hot water in the men's washroom.</p>

<p>*<em>BUT</em>*, there is a warm air hand dryer that I can use to
warm up after a cool swim and ice cold shower.  Or maybe I'll say
forget the shower.</p>

<p>There's little fish in the water; I wonder if they'll chew on me.</p>

<p class=date>3:42pm</p>

<p>They did a little bit.  I got into the water way slowly cause it
felt so cold, and ultimately I have learned three things:</p>

<p>(!) It's okay for me to have fun just for fun's sake without having
to be sharing it with someone.  I almost didn't go swimming because
"it was cold" but the real reason is that I didn't have someone to
share the experience with - my brother, Dude, Janette, Sally -
anyone.  But I went anyway.</p>

<p>(@) A great new game without a name:  the bottom of the pool is
algae covered quite smooth and slick.  On tiptoes, I tried not to
slide into deeper water, but often ended up going deeper if I tried to
move.  I realized if I run in place, I mostly didn't go deeper into
the water, *and* I would warm myself up.  So the game would be best
played with Fred, as we frantically try to keep warm and not slide
deeper into water and gently try to nudge the other into deeper water
all at once.  Crazy.</p>

<p>(#) When taking a shower, the water was ice cold.  At first I was
all wussy shivery about it, and then I remembered my men's group
weekend, including non-hot showers (in November (oh hey it's our
anniversary)).  I just switched to non-cold mode.  Bang.  Feeling cold
sensation, but not reacting timidly, or even violently.  Just shower.
Stand dripping in the middle of the room in tadasan (sp) yoga standing
pose.  Warmth circulating through me.  Excellent.</p>

<p>($) Memories of Fred and I here years ago, running alongside the
canals of spring water.  Crystal clear and beautiful.</p>

<p class=date>3:53pm</p>

<p>Going to Carlsbad Caverns now.  I dunno how many miles away they
are.  640 miles driven so far.</p>
