---
title: Good morning Marfa
tags: []
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2002-11-27
---

<p class=date>7:42am CST Wednesday 27 November 2002</p>

<p>It's light outside.  Light-ish.  A BORDER PATROL truck
<em>just</em> drove by as I wrote "Light-ish."  Across the street from
me I see Acco Feeds company with a Purina checkboard logo on it,
stacks of hay, and a small grain silo thing.  I see a yucca plant,
several leafless trees, some yellow/brown leafed trees, and some old
one story houses with extra rooms added on over the years.  No caved
in rooftops except for two metal sheds.</p>

<p>I'm going to search for breakfast so that I can charge my battery
and get something warm inside me.</p>

<p class=date>8:37am</p>

<p>I got an apple (found one that did *not* have frost on it) at the
grocery store, which reminded me of a small Fiesta store.  All the
normal stuff and normal muzak (Madonna and something else) and Jesus
candles and friendly people in the store.  Even regular walking around
people seem friendly here.</p>

<p>There are a ton of churches in Marfa.  The Republican Headquarters
of Presidio County has a church on each side of it.</p>

<p class=date>9:09am</p>

<p>I just had a sausage burrito for $2 including tax from Country
Time?  Town Country?  TC or CT.  Anyway it was yummy and for that I'm
thankful.</p>

<p>I'm in Marfa Public Library now and my computer is plugged in,
though not internet connected.  The computers here are in plain view
of the front desk, so I won't likely fuck around with them too much to
see if I can get my computer internetified.</p>

<p>Oh, I saw a Historical Marker suggesting that this is the oldest
town in America (10,000 years old) and is the site of the first wagon
train from Mexico into Texas (1540 something).  I don't think Texas is
quite that old, but hey.</p>
