---
title: Carlsbad Caverns
tags: []
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2002-11-28
---

<p class=date>12:22pm MST Thursday 28 November 2002</p>

<p><em>Basically</em> I walked down the "natural" entrance (which was
quite unnatural with its asphalt path winding down into the cave) and
wound down to the Big Room (named because it's really big), walked
around its perimeter and then took the elevators out.</p>

<p>Coolest stuff I saw included some volunteers cleaning red clay out
of the Long Man's Bathtub (long skinny pool thing) which had been
coated in clay by the original explorers back in the day.</p>

<p>Also cool was the eagle in the zoo.  I don't have a picture of
this, but the formation looked like an eagle soaring into the rock,
including his face and one curving wing.</p>

<p>This formation I saw only because a ranger showed it to me.  That
was on the fourth time I saw her as I circled the big room.  The third
time I saw her she was talking to some people and telling them how the
US government considered using Carlsbad Caverns as a fallout shelter
in case of nuclear war.  Only problem is the constant air exchange in
the caverns.  "All" of the air in the caverns circulates out in 48
hours, so that means all the air would be filled with radiation in 48
hours.  D'oh!</p>

<p>I didn't get to do one of the "strenuous" tours; apparently they
are booked well in advance (weeks) and I think they only go on
weekends.</p>

<p>Oh, the other cool thing was story of how the Spirit Room was
discovered.  Some cats in 1985 used helium balloons to float two ropes
up to an apparent chamber in the ceiling of the big room.  The ascent
was 225 feet or so and once climbed, revealed some 750 feet more cave
to explore.</p>

<p>Another story is that speedy airflow through a hole in the floor
marked the entrance to 100+ <em>miles</em> of cave that has been
explored only by scientist type people.  I forget the name of this
part of the cave, but it starts with an L.</p>

<p>Lechiguilla (sp), according to the girl ranger who just walked by
me (our fifth encounter today).</p>

<p class=date>1:31pm</p>

<p>Okay; I have just slept sitting in a chair here in the lobby area
of Carlsbad Caverns visitor center.  Battery is at 85% charge.  I'm
going to roll out and visit.....  something out west.  I'll probably
drive along I-10 to Tuscon and see if I can find my second cousin
Jeanette.</p>

<p>Or maybe I'll go a bit north and ... there was something up north I
considered visiting White Sands National Monument maybe.</p>

<p>I do know that I plan to drive along I-8 because it's souther than
I-10 and would take me just north of restricted military bombing and
gunnery range, so maybe I'd get to see or hear some explosions or see
some planes and such.</p>

<p>87% now.  :-)</p>

<p class=date>1:51pm</p>

<p>As I was leaving, saw her a sixth time and she asked if I had
visited the Lechuguilla room.  I hadn't, but now I have and can now
spell the name correctly.</p>

<p>Visiting that part of the cave would be quite a journal entry
indeed.</p>

