---
title: Arizona
tags: 
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2002-11-29
---

<p class=date>6:44am MST Friday 29 November 2002</p>

<p>Good morning, Arizona!</p>

<p>It was pitch dark as I left Gage rest area, and I've slowly watched
the sky light up around me.  I can now see the idea of colors around
me, though they are night bright.  Taller bushes like 15 feet tall dot
the landscape; maybe they are juniper; I dunno.  Dry brown grassess
about 18 inches tall meet the roadway and seem to extend like a worn
carpet into the distance around all the other vegetation.</p>

<p>On my left, mountains.  And these look taller than the Guadalupe
Mountains I saw back in Texas.  Hard for me to judge how much taller
they seem, but I'll say they seem 30% taller.  And steeper to boot.</p>

<p>On my right a grove of trees.  And by grove I mean trees all
planted in countless rows.  yellow leaves and then the last three rows
had no leaves at all.  Just passed a barn labeled Bowie Vineyards or
something.  More trees now, same rows, same yellow.  Walnuts and
pecans the sign said.  Ah.</p>

<p>Okay, back to driving.</p>

<p>Oh, um, 1228 miles traveled since Dallas.</p>

<p class=date>7:23am</p>

<p>I'm 70 miles from Tucson and in front of me is a hill that we're
climbing.  Not so tall, but then way ahead are some way taller looking
mountains, and to my right are some tall-ish mountains.  Not so tall
that they've got snow on top, but they are thinking about it I'm
sure.</p>

<p>oops. 80 mph down a hill.  Not coasting.</p>

<p>The terrain is the same like a spotty puppy with brown grass for
fur and yucca plants for spots.  Almost all the yuccas have tall
stalks growing from the top, presumably for mating purposes.</p>

<p>I-10 is divided highway two lanes each direction.  Smooth asphalt.</p>

<p>Up another hill now, just about to pass Johnson Rd, which I think
leads to Johnson (the city).</p>

<p class=date>7:32am</p>

<p>Have arrived at the rest area I targeted this morning leaving my
other rest area.  1272 miles traveled.</p>

<p>Let me assure you I would love to climb these rocks just behind the
rest area, but there is a fence asking me not to.</p>

<p class=date>7:40am</p>

<p>Driving again and now the terrain is big beautifully climbable
relatively smooth boulders stack carefully about the area, with hearty
trees growing between them, bushy trees up to 30 feet tall with small
dark leaves.  Fences in front of most of the rocks that beg me to
climb them.  Sorry, rocks.  I'll have to climb some of your cousins
and second cousins elsewhere.</p>
