---
title: california
tags: []
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2002-11-29
---

<p class=date>5:45pm PST Friday 29 November 2002</p>

<p>one six zero four miles traveled. Welcome to Pacisfic Standard
Time.  Welcome to California.</p>

<p class=date>5:52pm</p>

<p>Weird.  Just got waved through (along with every othe car and small
truck) through an inspection station ALL VEHICLES MUST STOP.  Wow.
Looked kinda like a military guy waving us through.  I wonder who
sponsors that station and why....  And when does it actually get used
to inspect cars and not just wave them through?<p
class=date>6:06pm</p></p>

<p>Wow.  I've just driven by a big, um, dune buggy race thing??
Something held at Imperial Dunes, with a bunch of trucks with bright
ass lights and flags driving up and down steep dunes . racing maybe or
just flat having a good time (in my estimation at the expense of the
dunes).  Plus a ton a trailers Tons of trailers and some fireworks and
fragrance of barbecue or some varietyies of food..  Wow.</p>

<p class=date>6:53pm</p>

<p>Okay.  I'm not sure if this cat was trying to pick me up or what,
but he was being all friendly like, which is no problem, but then when
he was all, "you ever seen a big truck?" and nodding over toward his
18 wheeler, I was all...  hmmm.</p>

<p>So I answered like "yeah" like seeing a truck ain't no big deal to
me.</p>

<p>And he was telling me how it's all got a bed and TV and such.  (as
I'm writing this I know he was trying to pick me up)..</p>

<p>So I was all, "well have a good trip" and split toward Scott.  He
said, "well I'm going that way, so if you get in troble, just flash me
down.." or some shit like that.  Whatever, dude.</p>

<p>His truck is the one that says "Warner" on the side, he said.
Hmmm.</p>

<p>I'm thankful that Scott will get us all the way to Sand Diego, all
through California, Oregon, everywhere we wanna go and all the way
back to Texas without a problem.  Scott rules!!</p>

<p class=date>8:54pm</p>

<p>Wow.  How incredibly exciting to be hauling ASS down a 4000 foot
hill and coating 83 miles per hour, Scott's new record!!  But so scary
to be coasting later or even braking at 75 mph with rain and wet all
over the smooth asphalt road with plenty of cars hauling their own ass
right on my ass and wow.  any slip would be instant fuckedupness for
lots of traffic.  Whew.  Made it safely to San Diego.  And even made
it to a gas station without running out of gas, all the way from
Tucson.</p>
