---
title: Finding Jeanette
tags: []
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2002-11-29
---

<p class=date>9:49am MST Friday 29 November 2002</p>

<p>I first tried going to the library at Arizona State University, but
all the parking was tied up with a football game.  So I drove around a
bit and found the city's visitor center and they pointed the way to a
Kinko's (near the university :-)</p>

<p>Looked up Jeanette and found a biography of hers via google and
found out where she worked at the time the bio was written.  She still
works there so I asked them to call her at home and tell them her
cousin Rob is at Kinko's.</p>

<p>There's another Rob here, so I said, "Hey Rob, I'm Rob, too and I'm
expecting a phone call.  So if someone calls and asks for Rob and it's
not for you, it's for me."</p>

<p>Rock.  Google rules!!!!!</p>

<p>Kinko's free internet access rules!!!!</p>

<p class=date>9:59am</p>

<p>Wahoo!  She called and we're going to lunch.  Wheee!</p>

<p class=date>11:58am</p>

<p>So awesome to see Jeanette and meet her husband Kim!  We ate at the
Blue Willow, a pretty nice restaurant plus giftshop of ridiculous
items, mostly featuring Christmasy type stuff - ornaments shaped like
anything one wants.</p>

<p>Anyway, conversation was great; they asked a lot about my adventure
and Kim asked a bit about <a href="https://www.uua.org">UUism</a>;
Jeanette asked about why I wanted to attend Houston Rally in January.
I found it a bit hard to explain to someones who don't know the
culture.</p>

<p>Jeanette asked where I'm going next.</p>

<p>"I dunno; what's the next thing on I-10?"</p>

<p>Kim goes, "San Diego."</p>

<p>"I better call my sister..."</p>

<p>- - - -</p>

<p>I learned they were married a year and a half ago; Jeanette can
cook and likes spicier food than Kim; Kim is a teacher for high school
- photography and scultping.  Awesome.  I'm guessing they met through
photography somehow; Jeanette is my photographer of choice next time I
need to hire one.</p>

<p>I'm thankful that Kim paid for my lunch, and I even have half a
samwich left over.  Eggplant on marbled rye.  Awesome.  Handshake and
hug and we went our separate ways.  They are cooking dinner for her
mom & dad tonight; they have been traveling and were driving on
Thanksgiving Day.</p>

<p>Oh, and we discussed spelling of onomatopoeia.  That's how I think
it's spelled.  I'll look it up.</p>

<p>Yay!  I was <a
href="https://www.m-w.com/cgi-bin/dictionary?va=onomatopoeia">right</a>!</p>
