---
title: Leaving for San Diego
tags: []
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2002-11-29
---

<p class=date>2:10pm MST Friday 29 November 2002</p>

<p>Ah such blessed heat outside.  I hope it's warmer wherever I sleep
tonight than I've been on the past three nights.</p>

<p>Not much between here and San Diego besides I-8.</p>

<p>And a bunch of mountains a probably a lot of cactus.</p>

<p class=date>3:29pm</p>

<p>75 miles or so from Phoenix (though I'm going to take I-8 before i
get there) I'm going between these two big mountains and am overlooked
by saguaro cacti (oops I don't know how to spell saguaro yet)</p>

<p>I'm thankful for the strength of my bike rack; there is plenty of
wind whipping past at gusts are shaking my bike some.  I may take off
the back wheel as well (the fron has been off since I put it up after
riding at Carlsbad)</p>

<p class=date>3:51pm</p>

<p>I'm on I-8 now.  :-)</p>

<p>It's also a divided highway with two lanes each direction, but the
asphalt is a bit rougher grade than I-10 was.  It's not cracked, just
rough as it was designed apparently.</p>

<p class=date>4:39pm</p>

<p>1477.5 miles driven.  On I-8 now and it's vaguely dark because it's
overcast and raining.  Super thanks to Fred for giving me rain-x so I
don't have to use windshield wipers.  It just goes shwwee up the
windshield in perfect drops.</p>

<p>After I took my bike's back wheel off, I have a sense that Scott is
experiencing much less drag.  Like significantly less to the point
that I can feel the difference.  I don't know how much is "real" vs
"imaginied" (Morpheus in The Matrix: "what <em>is</em> real?  how do
you define real?")</p>

<p>Well, according to my sense of reality there are not as many
saguara (sp) cacti standing around, but the freeway is pretty straight
and flat for miles and miles between mountains.  According to the map
there is a restricted miliatary range to my left, but I wouldn't have
known it otherwise.  No planes visible.  No explosions, nothing.</p>

<p>But that's cool; I'm still rolling well and listening to Eminem and
have 91% battery on my computer.  Oh that reminds me for some reason I
can receive email, but not send email.  I used my yahoo account to
send a couple to Karina, but I did not reply to the couple of comments
I got from Aisha and Josephine to my journal entries.</p>

<p>Got one anonymous comment saying I should go to White Sands.  I've
been to White Sands and know it's beautiful.  My dad and I walked out
into the dunes and camped overnight; it was awesome.  But the penny
said don't go right now.</p>

<p>One thing interesting is that I told Kim just today that I had
gotten comments likek "ha ha" or "where are you now" or just random
thoughts on stuff, but nothing like, "you should have..." or "you
shouldn't write...." but now I have: "you should go to White Sands."
funny.</p>

<p>Now I should pt both hands on the wheel.</p>

<p class=date>5:00pm</p>

<p>Scott just turned over 150000 miles, and I've traveled 1500 miles
on my trip so far.  Nice.</p>

<p class=date>5:46pm</p>

<p>OH MY GOSH!!  How can I not have throught of this already??  Karina
is a Mac Addict through and through; she can show me some cool ass
shit with my Mac!!  I just want to know what some good graphics
manipulation programs are and maybe know if she knows of a PtP file
(music) swapping thing for Macs..  Awesome!</p>

23

###comments

<p><b>Name:</b> joey

<p>jojofee@ *redacted*

<p><b>Comment:</b>
<br>i heard the white sands has like. white sand. it is crazy. it's just a bunch of sand.. but then you realize that it's white. i don't get why they don't call it 'that place with white sand'. because then you would at least know what to expect.. <br>
lovejoey
