---
title: hottub
tags: []
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2002-11-30
---

<p class=date>7:17pm PST Saturday 30 November 2002</p>

<p>The pool was freezing (Silly Sally and Rick think it was warm
enough to stay in it for a long time) so I moved to the hot tub and
discovered a table thing in the middle - a vertical tiled column seat
thing that was perfect for pretending to be a dolphin or porpoise
leaping from the water onto the deck for a treat and then lumbering
backwards or sideways into the pool again.</p>

<p>But better than that, I could do a sea otter and slide on my
stomach across the thing like superman or super otter or Silly Rob
playing in the hot tub.</p>

<p>Sally and Rick went back to the pool about the time that a couple
(?) came to the hot tub.  We never exchanged names formally, but I
think he referred to her as Heather once.  As of three weeks ago, he's
no longer doing commercial real estate, but now has a possible job
doing something else in that industry.  I forget the term he used.</p>

<p>She's a school teacher for 7th and 8th grade science.  Xylem and
phloem and Na in H2O - that kind of thing.  She enjoys it, but doesn't
know if she'll do it for 30 years.</p>

<p>They inquired a lot about my adventure; he was interested because
he's actually sorta in a position to do such a thing.  He asked about
finances and I was all, "um.. I just wing it; I've had to release the
whole concept of a budget; I just trust that the universe will provide
for me as necessary."  I nodded to Heather, "this is right out of
_Mutant Message Down Under_..." (she has started the book but not
finished it)</p>

<p>Heather has just recently taken a long road trip; she encouraged me
to see Zion and Bryce canyons; I forget in which order, but she
specified a preferred order.  And the Crazy Horse monument under
construction is awesome she said.</p>

<p>She's been to OZ, wants to go to New Zealand (is there a pronouncable
abbreviation for New Zealand?) and explore a bit.  He's considering
going to San Diego to set up shop down there, but doesn't know if
he'll like it better enough to make it worth the shift.</p>

<p>I didn't have my adventure cards with me, but I verbally gave them
my URL as they were leaving.</p>

<p>Sally and Rick returned from the pool and Sally warmed up in the
hot tub again.  I can't believe Rick did not; the pool was so cold!!
I did one more Super Silly Otter Rob and bruised the muscle above my
kneecap.  D'oh!</p>

<p>- - - -</p>

<p>Showers and music and we're about to go out to food and maybe a
movie.  Wow; they are dressed more nicely than me.  He's not way out
of my league, but has on a button down colorful shirt and jeans.  I'm
in shorts and T-shirt, but that's not surprising.</p>
