---
title: State of my life
tags: 
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2003-07-08
---

<p class=date>7:27pm JST Tuesday 8 July 2003</p>

<h1>State of My Life Address</h1>

<ol type="a">
<li><p>I'm in Japan.  This is my 103rd day here.  Pooh that I didn't
get my Days In Japan counter on my site before my 100th day, but now
that I have <em>Unlimited Wireless Internet Access</em> at the
apartment, I can spend some time to get that working.</p></li>

<li><p>I just got my computer back and fixed today after it broke
about 2 weeks ago it seems.  Week and a half maybe.  So thankful to
Cory for encouraging me to get it fixed in Japan instead of giving up
when I got brushed off the first time I tried.</p></li>

<li><p>Computer was under warranty so I got a new motherboard, new
memory, new CD/DVD drive.  That fucking rocks.  Now I can watch the
Futurama CDs that Fred sent me!  Whooo hooo!  And 8 Mile.  And Dirty
Third II.</p></li>

<li><p>My private students have given me a break today and tomorrow.
Both Shin and Fumi called me yesterday and said they couldn't meet for
whatever reasons.   That's cool; gives me more time to fuck around
online.</p></li>

<p>Oh, and I've cancelled my lessons with Koko's mom.  I cancelled
with her last week so that I could hang out with Rie, and I asked her
about tomorrow and she gave me a Japanese maybe which is an English,
"naw man I'm too fuckin' busy" so I cancelled the class and all
subsequent classes.  Realistically, she shouldn't have to cover for
her daughter anyway.</p>

<li><p>And next week is the last Tuesday class until the first Tuesday
of September.  So this opens up my schedule in the mornings on Tuesday
and Wednesday to do whatever I want.  I wonder what that will be.</p></li>

<li><p>I'm hating Nova a lot; mostly when it's busy.  Nova doesn't
care about its students; it cares about making money.  I heard a rumor
today that there was a copyright suit or some shit about the book that
Nova is using... and that it was originally written (get this) in
Spanish (which seems to explain the high incidence of Spanish names
and cities in the book) and the result of the suit includes Nova is
required to use this and only this book for ever and ever amen.</p>

<p>Now this is a rumor, but it sure is interesting.</p>

<p>Oh, and allegedly, the book we're using is copyright 1983.</p>

<p>Not allegedly (I can vouch for it), it's out of date, with old
pictures and such.</p></li>

<li><p>Frank is watching <em>The Sopranos</em> behind me.  TV is
dumb.  I'm moving.</p></li>

<li><p>Oh so back to Nova.  I hate working there when it's busy.  And
other times.</p></li>

<li><p>I've been to Hakone twice (once alone, once with Rie), but I've
not been anywhere else outside of Tokyo.</p></li>

<li><p>Might go to Yomiuriland tomorrow.  Or maybe the amusement
park-like thing near the Tokyo Dome. I don't know what it's called.</p></li>

<li><p>Oh.  Over the past couple of days I have been reading a short
book on the history of Japan.   This book has made me wonder what the
hell I'm doing with my life since i'm not (or don't seem to be)
establishing imperial governments, nor moving capitals to new cities
nor building shrines or huge statues...  None of that history book
stuff.  Why not?  What am I doing wrong?  What do famous people do
each day?</p>

<p>I came up with a good buddhist (?) response to that: Who is
famous?</p>

<p>Another thing I noticed:  I'm living at the speed of life and not
the speed of biography.</p></li>
</ol>

