---
title: Silent Football
tags: []
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2003-07-09
---

<p class=date>2:42am JST Wednesday 9 July 2003</p>

<p>Tonight, for the first time in Japan, I played Silent Football!</p>

<p>Jen, Olivia, Steve were all up in O and J's apartment and they
invited me up cause I wanted to check my internet connection to see if
it would be wireless all the way up to their crib.  (it doesn't)</p>

<p>Jen says, "that's the best game ever"</p>

<p>So I was like, "hey you wanna play silent football?"</p>

<p>They were like yeah but during my explanation of the rules, the
girls were just giggly beyond giddy with silliness trying to rename
the zoom "Astroboy" and the fwap "boot scootin' mama" (to the right)
and "rootin' tootin' mama" (to the left).  The Schrotem also became
the scrotum (well, what do you expect??). Steve and I laughed a lot at
their nuttiness.</p>


<p>But finally, order was bestowed upon the universe and we played a
loosely structured game.</p>

<p class=message>It went down like a sack of shit. No, really it was a
complete success and everybody have a good ol' laugh. The "Squire
Penis Deb" kept us all in order. He did a good job. We all became
goodie goodie's wanting to dob our fellow "silent footballers" in.</p>

<p class=message>Rob surpised us all by getting into a beverage. And
not your average beverage, but an ALCOHOLIC beverage! He is now
officially an alcoholic- sorry. Yeah- he will be going to AA from now
on. He did well. Handled to lolly water well.</p>

<p class=message>So the night progresses down to ghetto river after O
and J's room mate appears in a towel (hmm, dont try to imagine that,
not very nice). Basically the game goes downhill from there. Olivia
complains about her headache and the rules get looser and looser. So
we ditch the game and head to a 24 hour restaurant. Rice all round and
now we are ready for bed!</p>

<p class=message>Well take it easy. Nice to talk to you.  Peace- Im
out!</p>

<p>Thanks to Oliviasan for writing the above while we munched at the
24 hour diner.</p>

