---
title: writing
tags: []
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2003-07-09
---

<p class=date>4:31pm JST Wednesday 9 July 2003</p>

<p>Laura suggested that I write everyday.  Write *anything* - a
character description, a paragraph, a sentence.  Hopefully more than a
sentence.  Maybe a really long sentence.</p>

<p>The point is I have this idea that things must be organized and if
I write a whole slew of somethings in no particular order, then I
won't be able to find the parts I wrote when I want to consolidate
everything.   An idea is to design a framework - this is a bit like
programming - to design a framework and then write the bits to fill in
the blanks, hanging each piece like an ornament crafted for a specific
spot on a tree.</p>

<p>But that assumes I know what the tree looks like, or that I can
focus long enough to create a trunk and branches, or that I keep
focused on the same type of tree during the duration of the tree and
not make some funky Dr Suess tree with big horns and little upturned
nose and carrying a net to scoop up money from a river online.</p>

<p>Silent Football has foot motions that correspond to the hand
motions.  There's the foom, the fwizap, the fwug, and the fwodem.   I
wonder how much of that I've written on my website.  Time to be
distracted from this entry to write the foot motions of Silent
Football on my site, thereby possibly finishing a project that I
started months and months ago.</p>

<p class=date>1:18am JST Thursday 10 July 2003</p>

<p>I have finished the rules to <a href="/sf/">SF</a> except for the
foot motions.  Pretty much the rules were already that finished, but I
have now gone through them and fixed typos and such.  If you see
anything that could be corrected, please tell me.</p>

