---
title: zzz last thing
tags: sleepy
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2003-07-09
---

<p class=date>1:54am JST Thursday 10 July 2003</p>

<p>Today I noticed that it's the people who do things differently that
get noticed.   Those who are willing to go against the grain.
Apparently I want to be noticed, which is why I keep wondering about
this. So I don't want to go against the grain like Eminem and diss
everybody and everything.  I'd like to go against the grain more like
Ghandi, but I don't know anything about him really except he somehow
got a bunch of cats to not fight against those who wanted to fight
them. Or something.</p>

<p>Frank is in the other room writing what I presume is his book.  I
just took a shower and wondered about my technique of being so
scattered, which is something I seem to admire in janette, who can
just flitter about from project to project, somehow keeping all the
lids on all the pots and all the people around her happy, and herself
too, it seems.  And I admire that in her but I wonder if it bugs me in
myself.  It's like I want to focus on one project and make it complete
and really do something, but there's a part of me that doesn't finish
- that can't do that final step of folding the clothes after I've
washed them, dried them, collected them, but then just blam throw them
in the drawer unfolded.   or cleaning my room which is not all that
messy, but just stays perpetually in this state of not quite clean,
even though various parts of it cycle through phases of cleanliness
(except for my desk, unless it's on a really slow cycle which happens
to be in the messy phase).</p>

<p>Ron Anderson believes that credits are the key to happiness.  He's
a miser to the nth degree and tries desperately to hoarde his wealth
cause he thinks they will keep him happy.  Or that one day when he has
enough he will become happy.</p>

<p>Mr Biggs has a ton of wealth.   His accumlated wealth makes
Anderson's look trivial.  Biggs knows that wealth does not equal
happiness.  He gains happiness by tormenting others, by making them
suffer.  He has such a ridiculous amount of money that he cannot be
touched by anyone or anything.  He owns all of this.</p>

<p>The girl, whose name I've forgotten, is one of the heros of the
story.  She knows that though computers and wealth are flashy and fun,
that the true essence of life is in life itself - in experiencing life
consciously, with an amused detachment as she lets her angels guide
her where she needs to be.  She's one that I'd marry, except that I'd
be too afraid to talk to her.</p>

<p>Her brother, whose name might be Alex, is on the same path as their
dad Ron, but he will discover almost too late that money will rip his
soul from his self, and we'll try to rescue him from all the horrors
that are trying to push him down.</p>

<p>Ah.  I suddenly remembered the names of the siblings.   Andra and
Anthony.</p>

<p>Anthony has created an AI droid from scratch because he didn't
trust anyone to create it for him.  He wanted to know absolutely there
were no programming virii or bombs of any variety in her.  He loves
her and has fallen in love with her, and would basically freak if she
were taken away.</p>

<p>This is interesting.  I named her Nova, after the fucking fine girl
in an old TV series(?) miniseries(?) about outer space and the like.
She was absolutely gorgeous and I fell in love with her on that TV
show.  I just looked up her name on my site and... ew.  Nova.</p>

<p>Okay.  I've got to go to bed.</p>

<p class=date>2:30am JST Thursday 10 July 2003</p>


###comments

<p><b>Name:</b> tweedle dee

<p><b>Email:</b> dreamon412@ *redacted*

<p><b>Subject:</b> story

<p><b>Comment:</b>
<br>what is this story? is this  a story you wrote a long time ago? or what<br>
<br>
thank you for complimenting my multi-tasking ability.  "keeping all the lids on the all pots"- did you coin that phrase? clever.<br>
  i love to get mentioned in your column.  i am famous, now.<br>
 wootwoot <br>
<br>
a good way to learn about ghandi is to read Freedom at Midnight.  a big thick book about the british colonization and eventual expulsion from india.<br>
  do you have time to read big thick books?

