---
title: About yesterday
tags: []
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2003-07-16
---

<p class=date>11:47am JST Wednesday 16 July 2003</p>

<p>I did so much yesterday and wrote nothing.</p>

<p>Saw T3 with Cors and a Japanese cat named Ken.  Movie exceeded my
expectations of a Part III.  When I saw T2, my expectations were HUGE
cause of the hype, and I was not impressed.  My experience this time
was better.  Plus I didn't predict the ending.  Though I think I heard
something interesting in the dialogue: At one point a character gives
directions to a place and says "bearing point zero five degrees" but
later another character incorrectly repeats the information as "point
one five degrees."</p>

<p>Here's something funny: I wrote that all generically as to not give
away the plot so I won't piss off any of my readers, who I imagine are
all in the US, but now I realize if you haven't seen the movie by now,
you ain't gonna care.  T3 just came out in Japan.</p>

<p>- - - -</p>

<p>Went out with Andrew and Ben to Ginza to an expensive excellent
buffet called Farm Grill.  3800 yen for ice cream, cakes, drinks,
sliced fruits, mashed potatoes, veggie casseroles, shrimp, sushi, crab
legs, roasted chicken halves, roasted beef.</p>

<p>We were stuffed by the end of the night.  They moreso than I.  "A
place like this is just wasted on you, man," said Ben as we started
our first plates.  Theirs were based on beef and seafood.  Mine was
veggie casserole and some other sloppy yummy foods.  I had 3 plates
and 3 glasses of OJ.  They had 4 plates, alcohol (Randy, the tall dark
& handsome bartender from Chicago, made a Bunker Buster for Andrew:
Tequila, vodka, rum, and gin), and lots of pain.</p>

<p>Take the Ginza line to Ginza and leave the station through exit 4.
Find a clock on top of a building diagonally left across the street
and a Nova straight across the street.  Turn 180 degress around and
walk directly away from Nova (and the clock).  Go about 5 blocks and
turn left just before you go under an overpass.  (There will be a toy
store on the right.)  Go about one block and find farm grill signage.
It's up on the second floor.</p>
