---
title: Tangent mode
tags: []
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2003-07-16
---

<p class=date>1:24pm JST Wednesday 16 July 2003</p>

<p>Fuck. I'm again stuck in Tangent Mode, where I distract myself with
everything and spend more time wondering what is the best thing to do
than in actually doing something.</p>

<p>For example, right now I'm thinking I should define Tangent Mode on
my WTF pages, cause they haven't seen any action for a while, but are
given a headlining role on my site.  But I've just finished my SF
pages, and they don't even appear on my navigation.  So is it better
to fuck with putting SF on my navigation or add Tangent Mode to my WTF
or to go teach Akisan whose lesson starts in 33 minutes?</p>

<p>Does everyone go through tangent mode?  How does my tangent mode
compare to others'?  How can this be measured?</p>

<p>Shit I gotta go.</p>

<p class=date>5:44pm</p>

<p>Wende knows me really well and I really feel blessed by her.</p>

<p>She happened to send me an email while I continued to be in Tangent
Mode after my lesson with Aki in Tsunashima.  Since she was awake I
called her all HI at first and wondered if she knew what kinda of
digital camera I should get to interview myself about my friend's
friend whose birthday is coming up and in the back of my mind I knew I
shouldn't be applying such effort and resources to such a tangential
project, but I just want to be FAMOUS and produce the BEST, FUNNIEST,
self-interview EVER, starring myself as the interviewer and myself as
the interviewed, with different backgrounds and activities going on
for each question.  I basically wanted to put hundreds of hours of
work into this project but I'm like fucking what the fuck is going on
with that; I just want so much to be the Star of everyone's lives.  I
want to be the absolute best at everything I do.  I want to thrill and
amaze and encourage and inspire, and I want this to be enough for
people to throw me the money I need to live and travel and do anything
I want in the world.  And I want to do all of this absolutely with no
help from anyone else at all in the entire world.  And I want people
to adore me so thoroughly that they will research and write my
biography for me.</p>

<p>Soon enough just cried cried cried cause I don't know what the fuck
I'm doing in Japan and Wende just listened and listened.</p>

<p>She helped me release this maniacal idea of being the star of K's
birthday party: I barely know this person and it's not appropriate to
be the star of her show. Actually I realized that myself and Wende
suggests that a year ago I wouldn't have recognized that.</p>

<p>Growth is happening.</p>

<p>But true to my adage, living life is slower than reading
biographies and this growth is slow as fuck!</p>

<p>Release.</p>

<p>I feel better.</p>
