---
title: trains fucked up
tags: []
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2003-07-22
---

<p class=date>11:20pm JST Tuesday 22 July 2003</p>

<p>So we went across the street to Shinagawa station and I was like,
"what the hell?" cause the line for the taxis was really long.   I've
only seen it that long if it's raining, or if the trains are sleeping
for the night.</p>

<p>Fumisan couldn't explain it.</p>

<p>I practiced my Japanese, "Shibuya ni ikimas .. ka?"</p>

<p>She was like, "sou" (yes).</p>

<p>Got into the station and there was a *really* long line going *out*
of the station via the manned ticket booth (*) as if they all wanted
their money back or some shit like that.</p>

<p>Fumisan couldn't explain it.</p>

<p>I kept practicing, "Shibuya ni ikimaska?"</p>

<p>Then she was all, "no," and I'm thinking <em>what? you just said
yes a second ago..</em></p>

<p>But I could tell she was listening to the blahblahblahhanashimas
over the loudspeaker.  All I could make out was "bladadimas zenzen
blablahblah zenzen"</p>

<p>"Many trains nothing," said Fumi.  "Nothing" is one of her
all-purpose words, that usuallly means "there is no direct translation
for this word," but in this case meant, "are not working."</p>

<p>What happened?</p>

<p>"People are died."</p>

<p>That's not what she said, but I don't think it was perfect
English.  I pantomimed my hand jumping in front of my other hand.
Suicide by train.</p>

<p><em>Mass</em> suicides by train?</p>

<p>A wave of people began to run/jog as a wave away from the Yamanote
line to another line.  </p>

<p>(**)</p>

<p>We went with that wave and it felt to me like we were experiencing
something newsworthy; like maybe there had just been a major
earthquake (except everything was intact), or we were being evacuated
before an eruption or tsunami.  Awesome.</p>

<p>Fumi talked to a station-guy on the platform next to the one that
goes all the way from Shinagawa to Kawasaki in one hop, but the trains
on that line were stopped as well, so she took me back to a completely
new line for me, one which I believe is called Red Thunder, a train
that goes to Keiku Kawasaki instead of Kawasaki.  A train on which I'm
riding now.</p>

<p>The station guy monitoring the gate let me in with my ticket for
the JR lines, though normally I would need a different ticket for Red
Thunder.  Past the gates, I turned and gave Fumi an OK sign to assure
her I could make it home from here no problem.</p>

<p>While waiting in line for Red Thunder, I saw a cute western girl in
a baby blue jogging suit thing.  I resisted talking to her.  She and I
were near the end of a line to pile onto the train.  I could see the
train was packed as it arrived.  She was the second to last person to
<em><b>cram</b></em> onto the train.  Packed.  Possibly more packed
than I've experienced.</p>

<p>I considered winking at her as the rolled away, but I just smiled.</p>

<p>While waiting for the next train I called Frank.  "Look up a major
suicide on the trains tonight."</p>

<p>"What?"</p>

<p>"I'm in ... Shinigawa.  Many lines are down; I think they're all
suicides."</p>

<p>"Reeeally." as he says when something interesting has been
revealed.</p>

<p>"Yeah look it up."</p>

<p>"Cool.  Thanks."</p>

<p>The next train arrived before the opposite-bound train arrived on
the other platform.  This seemed unusual, but I soon had my
answer.</p>

<p>It was empty.  They added an empty train to the line to keep the
crowds moving.  And I was first in line.</p>

<p>Some other cat jumped in ahead of me, but fuck him I got a seat
anyway.  I've tried to keep an eye out for my station, but I've been
typing so I may have missed it.</p>

<p>Ah!  It's the next station.</p>

<p>- - - -</p>

<p>(*) just now, as I'm on the Red Thunder train, the doors kept
opening and closing at the station and a guy on the train got up and
pulled a man's arm relatively roughly, jerking him into the train and
away from the door.  The guy looked drunk; maybe his foot was blocking
the door or some shit like that.  It's not like he was being pushed
out the door, the train is basically empty.</p>

<p>- - - -</p>

<p>(** (11:38pm)) just *now* the train stopped for probably five
minutes to get the drunken guy off the train; his grip was pretty
strong; two men couldn't pull him hard enough to get him to let go of
the handle inside the train.  The station-guy had him in a wussy
nelson (arms under his shoulders, but not back around his head) and
another guy was pulling the guy's outer arm, and then a guy in front
of him hit the guy's inner arm to get him to let go, but that didn't
work.  Finally they got him to let go and the drunk guy slapped at the
station guys head and knocked off his hat. Shortened versionof the
rest is they tied his arms behind his back with a necktie (now there's
a good use!)  and then tied his legs similarly.  I got pictures, but
only through the window; I didn't feel right making a complete tourist
of myself taking pictures, but whatever, I guess.</p>

<p class=date>2:23am JST Wednesday 23 July 2003</p>

<p>I looked up news on 3 Japanese online news sources, but see nothing
about mass suicides tonight.  I'll keep looking until I find it or
forget about it.</p>

###comments

<p><b>Name:</b> Scout Seven

<p><b>Subject:</b> A thought on BBS thingie thread

<p><b>Comment:</b>
<br>Would not it be impossible to actually see The Gears stop?

