---
title: What's the dealio
tags: 
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2003-07-24
---

<p class=date>12:36pm JST Thursday 24 July 2003</p>

<p>Okay.</p>

<p>After a month or so of depression, whining and sulking in my room
and giving my time to the internet instead of studying, doing what
seemed like nothing except wondering why in the world I am here
instead of with my friends, I feel better.</p>

<p>I've recognized that I let myself get stuck in the rut of Nova -
work work work and feeling stuck stuck stuck with no upward mobility
except becoming more proficient at the dumb Nova way of teaching,
caring nothing (or not much) about my students, blah blah blah.</p>

<p>It's *possible* for me to engage this culture without giving up my
soul to the whims of meeting people in drinking/smoking/gross social
situations (bars ("izakias")).  It's possible to change my housing
situation to one that suits my desires (Japanese chatter instead of
English chatter).  It's possible to find a source(s) of income(s)
that lets me care for my students.</p>

<p>- - - -</p>

<p>The revelation came as I glanced through some classifieds online.
They're just like classifieds in the US.  Please come give us your
money; we have the best deal in town, blah blah blah..  it's just all
in Japanese.</p>

<p>To start, as previously encouraged by my personal coach, I just
began to put my desire out there.  "I would like to live with Japanese
roommates instead of American roommates.  Do you know of anyone who's
looking for an American roommate?" etc, to several people that I know
in my Japanese life.</p>

<p>Some people poohpoohed my technique.  "What are the chances of
someone that you know knowing someone who needs a roommate?"  I
dunno.  But asking is better than pouting.</p>

<p>Just last night, Shin called me and said he'd take me on Wednesday
to register for guest housing.</p>

<p>(I'm making up the word register; I have no idea what the process
actually requires.  But we're going to Yokohama City Hall, or some
other government type place to begin the process of securing guest
house living for me.  Awesome.)</p>

<p>I have simply stated my desire: I intend to live in a non-smoking
environment, with sane native Japanese speakers (preferably male to
keep me focused) who are friendly and genuinely interested in helping
me learn Japanese conversation.  Internet access is a plus, and a
nearby train station is a plus.</p>

<p>- - - -</p>

<p>I have released as trivial the challenges of having recently set up
Yahoo! BB at my apartment, and having a place for janette to stay when
she visits.</p>

<p>- - - -</p>

<p>On the language front, I have recently determined that rote
memorization will be required to learn Japanese.  That's a no brainer,
but I had been like, "I already memorized so much!" where 'so much' is
probably 50 or 100 words.  I just gotta memorize more more more
more.</p>

<p>So I'm carrying my flashcards with me again.</p>
