---
title: work
tags: 
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2003-07-31
---

<p class=date>9:18pm JST Thursday 31 July 2003</p>

<p>Work tonight was quite fine, though I have a pretty effective
headache right now.  I'm glad I've got a seat on this train.</p>

<p>I had a level 2 then a level 3, each man to man, then a kid (man to
kid) and then two 5s, then lunch, then two 7Bs, then a break to
prepare for Club 7.</p>

<p>Club 7 is the name given to two consecutive timeslots in the voice
room (where students can just come and yammer yammer yammer, though
what usually happens (at least when I'm in there) is one person does
most of the talking (me, or a talkative student).  It's the rare
student who can have a conversation and encourage others to speak up
as well.), and is usually geared toward some topic.  Last time I did
animals.  The first part took the entire first 40 minutes: name
animals from A to Z.  I don't remember what we did for Q and X.</p>

<p>This Club 7 was on prepositions.  The structure was pretty loose
otherwise.  I split them into two teams and had one team name a
preposition, the other team name a verb, then I would name a noun.
The first team to utter a correct sentence including the three words
got a point.  1 mini point went to the team where the guy was all, "I
read a book called 'dog through,'" or something.  I got two points
when the teams couldn't produce a sentence in the (arbitrary)
timelimit.</p>

<p>That took the entire first 40 minutes.</p>

<p>Second 40 minutes started with two teams.  One person on each team
described a picture only they could see.  Their team drew the picture
from verbal cues.  One team cheated by using more than just English
(not Japanese, but gestures and postures), but it was all good.  Then
we played Pict-O-Grams.  I didn't know how it would work, but by the
end they really seemed to have had a fun time.  Happy happy joy joy
that they were all, "is this game popular in America?"  "Actually, no;
a friend of mine and I made it up."  (Thanks Bryn at OKC Rally some
years ago) They were like, "wow."</p>

<p>Pict-O-Grams:</p>

<p>Give each person a piece of paper and pen.  Each person writes a
single sentence on the top of their piece of paper.  Give the paper to
the next (second) person who will draw a picture representing that
sentence.  Each person then folds the paper so that only the picture
can be seen.  Give it to the next (third) person who will write a
sentence describing the picture.  Fold the paper so only the sentence
can be seen and give it to the next (fourth) person.  Text -> picture
-> text -> picture -> text, etc etc etc until the paper is full and
then everyone looks at all the pictures and text and laughs a lot.</p>
