---
title: World Trade Center
tags: []
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2001-09-11
---

<p class=date>8:13am Tuesday 11 September 2001</p>

<p>Holy fucking shit the fucking world trade center
towers were just hit by two airplanes.</p>

<p>I fear the US will be directly at war.  All my
problems seem to pale at comparison.</p>

<p>I was watching as the second plane hit.  Dear god
why do humans do this to each other?</p>

<p class=date>8:26am</p>

<p>I feel sick at my stomach with fear.  The TV is on
in the background with Peter Jennings rambling that we
don't know WTF is going on, only that the other
area-airports are closed and that the president is
about to speak.</p>

<p class=date>8:41am</p>

<p>Apparently some organization has claimed
responsibility for the attack.</p>

<p>The president didn't say anything surprising.</p>

<p class=date>8:45am</p>

<p>Now DC is on the news - the Pentagon has been hit. 
Fuck that fuck that fuck that.</p>

<p class=date>8:50am</p>

<p>Airforce One is being revved up so the President
can go somewhere and hopefully not get shot down.</p>

<p class=date>8:56am</p>

<p>I just talked to Wende; we are both teary eyed. 
Our problems seem meaningless.  Jason who works with
Wende thinks that every major city in US will be
attacked today.  I told Wende that may be the case,
and that if Houston gets attacked, we planned a place
to meet.</p>

<p>I'm scared.  All this fighting about oil and
religion and just flat nothing.</p>

<p class=date>8:59am</p>

<p>All aircraft in the air in the US have been ordered
to land right now at the nearest airport.</p>

<p>I fear that all of the reactions we are exhibiting
are predictable by terrorists.  That the second
airplane hit after we were all tuned in.  That the
Pentagon would be activated next.  So they blew that
shit up.  Then the president gets in a plane and flies
somewhere.  Please let him be safe.</p>

<p>Now all planes are on the ground, or they will be
in a couple hours.  I wonder what is next.</p>

<p class=date>9:13am</p>

<p>An explosion at the capitol?  Reports are not
confirmed yet.</p>

<p>I can't imagine having to be a news anchor,
speaking calmly, having limited information, not being
able to freak out and say "FUCK!!!"</p>

<p class=date>9:21am</p>

<p>All federal buildings in washington have been
evacuated.</p>

<p>They are sending aircraft to Canada!</p>

<p class=date>9:30am</p>

<p>God damn the north tower has just collapsed. 
Fuckin' god shit. that's what they fucking wanted. 
They wanted both towers to be destroyed and they
fucking did it.</p>

<p>What can I do?  where can I go?  What can anyone
do? </p>

<p>Here at work Dennis blaringly announces the traject
news each time an event happens, though I can also
hear Peter Jennings announcement of the events.</p>

<p>"The landscape of New York City has just been
changed."</p>

<p class=date>9:41am</p>

<p>They keep trying to get people on the phone for
live eye witness coverage, but have trouble getting
cell connections working.</p>

<p class=date>9:45am</p>

<p>Highways are jammed with a "reverse commute" as all
federal employees have been sent home in
Washington.</p>

<p class=date>9:46am</p>

<p>Peter Jennings: "Possibly one or two more planes
that have been hijacked and are still missing."</p>

<p class=date>9:51am</p>

<p>767 crash in Pittsburgh has been reported.</p>

<p class=date>9:52</p>

<p>(part of the?) Top of the Pentagon has caved
in.</p>

<p>"Def Con Delta" the highest level alert in federal something.</p>

<p>I think that's what he said.</p>

<p>Dennis might be mobilized.  He's in Army
reserve.</p>

<p class=date>10:12am</p>

<p>Wende's work is closing; she's going home.</p>

<p class=date>10:30am</p>

<p>"We have always put civil liberties as a higher
priority to national defense.  This may change after
these events."</p>

<p>American Airlines confirms it lost two aircraft:

<br>flight 11: 81 passengers 9 flight attendants 1 pilot
<br>flight 77: 58 passengers 4 flight attendants 2 pilots</p>

<p class=date>10:33am</p>

<p>Canada has now shut down its entire aircraft
operation.</p>

<p class=date>10:35am</p>

<p>United airlines flight ____, a 757 newark to
SF.</p>

<p>And United Air flight 175 boeing 757 was scheduled
to LA, and it's unaccounted for.</p>

<p class=date>11:16am</p>

<p>HOV lanes and metro are open outbound - allowing
everyone out of Houston, but a full evacuation is not
announced.</p>

<p>A dozen people were reported to have jumped from
the top floors of the WTC.</p>

<p class=date>12:24pm</p>

<p>Wende just said that she had to wait in a
significant line to get gas today and that the Kroger
parking lot was filled.</p>

<p class=date>1:02pm</p>

<p>South Loop 610 is closed because a "suspicious
trailer" was seen on it.</p>

<p>Wells Fargo, El Paso, Chase Bank, Enron, 611
Walker, are buildings all closed in Houston.  Houston
is mostly evacuated.  I guess I can't go ride my bike
downtown to watch.</p>

<p>Intercontinental Airport is a spooky silent scene;
it looked less busy than 3am.</p>

<p>The suspicous trailer was just a load of furniture.</p>

