---
title:  11497
tags: 
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2001-09-15
---

<title></title>
<p class=date>1:25pm CDT Saturday 15 September 2001</p>

<p>I woke up today and zipped to work early, worked on G3 stuff;
making sure I have all the latest source in the correct directories,
etc.  I did.  I look forward to having an easier way to track all of
that.</p>

<p>Then to the Houston NAIC meeting, where the Valueline was
discussed; how to read it, how some of the numbers are calculated.
The presenter was not incredibly well prepared, but the knew a little
bit more than I.</p>

<p>Now we're going to see <em>Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back</em>, and
then munch at Mission Burritos.  :-)</p>

<p class=date>02:43 am Sunday 16 September 2001</p>

<p>I'm pretty tired, but want to at least write highlights of the night.</p>

<p>Only Wende and I went to see the movie; she enjoyed it, and I
enjoyed it for the second time.  Then to Mission Burritos where
Maggie, Meredith and Eric were already chillin'.  We talked and then
Fred and Elise' arrived; Fred had his juggling balls and we juggled
for a while, having a great time.</p>

<p>An Art Car drove in behind Woodrow's; we went to see it.  Very tall
and silver.  Way cool.</p>

<p>Then everyone arrived at our house and we talk talk talk talk
talked and laughed and had a great time.  Elise' got in trouble with
her mom though for being out or something.  I'm not sure what the deal
was there, but Elise's mom came and picked up Elise'.  Elise' is in
college now; I think it's time to let her do whatever she wants.  But
that's just my opinion.</p>

<p>Games of the evening:  juggling, juggling between two people,
bowling a 5 inch rubber ball (contact juggling ball) at three juggling
clubs, juggling club as baseball bat, juggling club hackey sack,
balancing juggling clubs, and Fred got over 10,000 rpm on the
Powerball.  (Not the lottery)</p>

<p>Oh, and Kayse and I competed for the grand championship of spinning under
the fan.  I got 25 turns under than fan at the same speed.  She won
with 28 turns!  Yay Kayse!</p>

<p>Then Marcel and I worked on a juggling skill thing, and then
everyone left.</p>

<p>Just now for the past couple of hours, Fred has been showing me a
weird combinatorial problem.  I'm too tired to describe it, but I
-*!<em>m i g h t</em>!*- try to solve it later.  Only the bravest math
minds should ask me about it.</p>

<p><img src='/images/rob/wL-ROB.gif'/></p>

