---
title: recently
tags: soml
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2016-09-20T22:01:30+09:00
---

## 22:01 Tuesday 20 September 2016 JST

Great fun at Suns Out Guns Out on Sunday.  It was a bit rainy, but I'm
waterpoof so it was just fine.  We worked out for 90 minutes then had
lunch then played ultimate for a while.  Great great great!  I brought
my new purple disc and it got its first scuffs on Sunday.

The next day boom I felt sick.  I thought I was just sore from workout
but I had a bit of a fever.  Fortunately my Monday morning lesson had
been moved to today due to holiday yesterday.  Unfortunately, we ended
up cancelling I-group due to not enough people attending.

I pretty much slept all day and all night and felt pretty much better
this morning for morning lesson near Akabanebashi station.

Went back home and slept some hours before lessons tonight.

As I left the house, Jennie bolted out the door despite the little
fact that it was raining.  Aw man, and no one home to let her back in
when she realizes how much fun it isn't to be cold and wet.  Hopefully
she'll be okay.

Fred got his Minecraft account set up and I directed him to
[Delta](http://www.reddit.com/r/deltaminecraft).  We may play tonight
if I can get home in time.

Actually as I write this, I'm on the local train, specifically because
I wanted to sit down to write a bit in my journal.

I've gotten a good start on moving all my websites' content to their
own new users, but a couple of them are broken; specifically
robnugen.com/cgi-bin/journal.pl doesn't work anymore.  I guess it's
because not all the files got copied over.  I think it used some files
that were outside the webroot, so didn't get copied when Dreamhost
moved all robnugen.com's files over to new user.

Mayumi gave me a new puzzle recently.  It's Hanayama's Vortex: three
chrome plated cast iron pieces which fit together in a kindof spiral
shape.  She gave me the puzzle pieces all separated and I refused to
accept the answer sheet from her.  I figured out what it must look
like when finished, but I haven't yet figured out how to get them
together.

I'll work on it a bit now.
