---
title:  state of my life
tags: []
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2002-02-25
---

<p>I wrote this on <a
href="http://www.geeky-boy.com/cgi-bin/bbs_thingie/showitem/misc/00026/325">www.geeky-boy.com</a>,
which is a chat board that I used to frequent.</p>

<pre>
&lt;blowing off the dust/>

Hey, look at *this* old item!

So, here is the update on my life:

1) I have broken up with my (ex) fiance' Wende because I was getting
more and more freaked out about getting married.  I ultimately decided
that I just didn't know what the heck I was doing and could not go
through with getting married.  A big part of it is that I have to go
explore a lot more of the world before I'll be ready to settle
somewhere.

2) I therefore have a new apartment and I'll give the address to
anyone who emails me thunderrabbit at cheerful dot com.  We are in the
process of selling our house, which should hopefully be done within a
month or so.  (It went on the market in December, and no one was
looking, but lately the number of showings-per-week is increasing.  I
continue to be optimistic.)

3) I have been taking Spanish classes, and know Spanish kinda-sorta
well enough to get along-ish in a Spanish speaking country.  I am
taking American Sign Language just because it seems like another cool
language.  ASL has been amazingly simple for me to learn compared to
spoken languages.

4) While taking ASL, I met a girl from Japan who is teaching me
Japanese.  So far, I am just learning how to
draw/write/recognize/pronounce the hiragana, which is the basic
Japanese alphabet.

5) With my friend Bryn (*) I'm going to Europe for 12 days or so in
late March, like 14-26 March I think.  We'll hang out in London for
some days and then Paris for some days.

(*) Bryn is a high school youth in YRUU (<a
href='http://www.uua.org/YRUU'>http://www.uua.org/YRUU</a>, Young
Religious Unitarian Universalists, which is the amazing youth program
I loved in my high school days.  I'm now an adult advisor in the
program, which basically means that I'm just there as a resource for
the youth at their conferences and such.  The youth design their own
programs and events, etc.  Excellent for youth empowerment and helping
them develop leadership and interpersonal skills.) who I've known for
6 years.  She and I have been cheerleaders for one another during this
time, always encouraging the other to stretch and grow and achieve the
best we possibly can.  She was interested in a student foreign
exchange program to Australia for a year, and I totally encouraged
her.  (she later said I was the *only* person who never put any hint
of doubt in her mind about her ability to go.)  During her year in
Australia, she learned that it's actually really really easy to
travel, and that our (US) culture just doesn't emphasize going
overseas simply to be immersed in the other cultures of the world.

Bryn knew that I wanted to go overseas, but that I just hadn't gone
through with it yet, etc, so she invited me to be her escort as she
visits the campus of Richmond University where she has been accepted.
I'm totally excited about it!

6) So I'm learning Japanese, and beginning to learn how easy it is to
travel, and I decided that next year, I am going to teach English in
Japan!  I haven't yet applied for any program, but I'm talking to some
of my friends who are teaching English there now, and to a friend here
(Ben, from KTRU) who is going in August, just figuring out how I can
make this happen.  I'm choosing to finish my obligations here that
will basically be over at the end of this year (apartment lease, and
my leadership in our investment club (<a
href='http://genxchange.tripod.com/'>http://genxchange.tripod.com/</a>)

7) I'm still DJing at KTRU, but I have a sense that my days there are
dwindling.  So I started to record my shows again, and I've been
listening to my most recent show from Saturday.  I really like it.
Does anyone know how to transfer cassette to MP3?

8) I'm thankful that you guys continue to chat on BBST so I can just
flitter in and out at random.
</pre>
