---
title: Dream soccer
tags: [ "dream" ]
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2016-02-18T06:46:40+09:00
---

## 06:46 Thursday 18 February 2016 JST

<div class="dream">
Arrived at a hedge where I needed to climb up to meet my peps, but two
people were waiting to come down, so I invited them to come down first
before I climbed.  I wasn't sure how they had been standing on the top
of the bushy trees, but after I climbed up using a horizontal branch
fork to press up and climb up from there, I found the top of the
bushes had been covered in a raft of logs.  Very convenient!  There
were some kids playing in the next zone of toys and Fred was there so
I joined them and kicked a ball into the fray and hit a kid in the
face.  He was like "wha?" and didn't cry when he saw me apologized for
it.  We played dodge ball soccer and the ultimate team wa playing real
soccer next door, laughing at me when I couldn't kick the ball
properly.  I basically ignored them and focused on playing.  Fred and
I were playing against three other players, using a few different
balls.  The other players had a home made lighter-air pump and they
used that to inflate the balls.  The bigger kid came over and
explained that's what it was in case anyone ame over asking questions,
because it apparenly looked suspicious.  Balls inflated quickly and
the kid jumped on the last ball to finish its inflation.  I heard a
popping noise and thought he had burst the ball, but it was inflated
so hmm I guess not.
</div>
