---
title: lottery
tags: 
author: Rob Nugen
date: 1992-06-06
---

<p class=note>(transcribed from Book Two of my diary)

<p class=date>Saturday, June 6, 1992 10:39 PM.

<p>I slept in today and rolled around in bed for hours and did nothing
until I had to work at Kroger at noon.  At first I was groucy, but
then Roy started sacking for me and I picked on him a lot, so I felt
better.  A guy came in and bought a lottery ticket.  Roy knew him
since he used to work there, so we were all talking and stuff and he
bought the lottery ticket.  I asked if he wanted to choose the one he
wanted, but he had me choose instead.  I laid them out on the counter
and chose one.  It was a 2 dollar winner.  Cool.  Roy almost had a
heart attack right there because he wanted to know "how'd you do that,
Rob?"  I just laughed at him.  He's so funny..  Then a second later,
the guy came back and gave me a dollar, "here's your share."  Dude.
That was great... Roy got so upset and I just cracked up.

<p>Later today, I was checkin at a register right behind Quina, the
beautiful girl who won't give me her phone number.  I heard this whump
and saw something go flying.  I thought someone had thrown something.
Then I looked at Quina, who was holding an opened can of biscuits!
Then I looked at my register, and one had landed flat splat on my
counter!  I died laughing.  Quina looked so embarassed.  I loved it.

<p>After work, I went to Soundwaves and bought 4 used CD's, and 1 New
CD.  Used: Cyndi Lauper, <em>She's So Unusual</em> for the song "All
through the Night", Big Audio Dynamite II, <em>The Globe</em> for "The
Globe", Enigma, <em>MCMXC a.D.</em> for the song "Sadness Part 1", and
Crunch 0 Matic, <em>Caution: D0 N0t Play</em> for the title.
Literally I bought it because it said "Do not Play."  Reverse
psychology got me.  Unfortunately, the whole album is stupid, so I'm
going to take it back.  I also bought a new CD by Tori Amos,
<em>Little Earthquakes</em> for the song "Silent all these years."
I'm currently listening to Enigma.....  Dude.  It's on track 7: way
spaced out single drum beats and the 5 tones from Close Encounters
played on xylophone maybe.  Pretty cool.  Well, enough mistakes for
the page.  Later.
