---
title: robbie
tags: 
author: Rob Nugen
date: 1992-06-08
---

<p class=note>(transcribed from Book Two of my diary)

<p class=date>5:35AM, Monday, June 8, 1992

<p>Yesterday at work I got a one dollar tip for sacking groceries.
Cool.  Matt won 50 bucks in the Texas Lottery.  After work I went to
Heather's and ate chicken paprika in exchange for moving some
furniture.  dude.  We planned to go walking today in the early AM.  So
I'm just about to call her at 5:45 am and we'll both start walking
down W. Gray and meet somewhere in the middle.  I also planned to do
my laundry at 5:45AM, so I got up at 3:30AM and did that.  Oh - Today
was Psycho Robbie's first 3AM - 6AM Monday show.  I called him at 3AM
to congratulate him.

<p>Oh- the very first song he played was introduced as a sweater song
(The title was something about a sweater) So he pushed the button at
"One" by U2 came on.  I was like, "Uh-Oh" but he switched it to the
right song no problem.  So when I called him I congratulated him and
he said Man, Robert O'quinn (I think) put the wrong tape in the slot!"
I said, "yeah he put "One" in there.  It's okay, though."

<p>I'm on the phone with Heather and told her what's up.  I'm leaving
to meet her at gate 3.  Later

<p class=date>Late that night

<p>Heather and I enjoyed our walk and are going again tomorrow.  Today
Fred and I went to UH and played frisbee all over the Agnes Arnold
escalators.  My feet are <em>sore</em>.  I called Castle of Dreams
today.  Thunder Rabbit came in <em>Very tired</em>.  He couldn't open
his door (the lock was changed and someone else lives in his room) so
he crashed hard right on the spot.  I couldn't get back in to upload
the message, though.  I'm horny.  Later
