---
title: computer
tags: 
author: Rob Nugen
date: 1992-06-14
---

<p class=note>(transcribed from Book Two of my diary)

<p class=date>12:25 AM, Sunday, June 14, 1992

<p>I've made a decision to buy a 486 as my new computer.  It's going
to kick ass.  Yesterday, Christina called out of the blue and we went
to Marble Slab and ate icecream with some of her friends from Rice
University.  Very cool.  Today after Kroger, I drove Fred to Tomball
so he can get his car.  I came back and stopped by Dad's to get some
Dr Dobb's Journals.  When I got home, Christina called me and I went
over and helped her take her heating element out of her dryer.  Not too
hard at all.  Then we sat and talked for 1.5 hours on her front steps.
Very cool.  I got home and was reading a bit in the Dr Dobb's.  It
said I could get copies of the programs via an FTP site anonymously.
Dude.  Check this out. Caleb (Black Magus on Castle of Dreams) was
here and he showed me a way to call a medical center VAX, etc
somewhere.  So I called this computer and hooked into Telnet and in
this manner called the U of H Vax and logged into my LISP account.
Dude.  I didn't call the UH Vax directly because I can't remember/find
the number.  So I was in my LISP account and tried LISP.  (It didn't
work.)  (So I called Jerry and left voice mail fro him to fix it) So I
did FTP and called the place where I can get DR Dobb's stuff.  I
called the place via FTP via UH VAX via medical center Vax and
download the archives containing the source code for the January 1992
through June 1992.  Fucking incredible.  So it's in my LISP account
and I just need to go there and pick them up.  Dude.

<p>Also today I drank literally 2 quarts of water all at once.  Dude.
I haven't pissed yet either 1 or 2 hours later.  Later
