---
title: new 486
tags: 
author: Rob Nugen
date: 1992-06-17
---

<p class=note>(transcribed from Book Two of my diary)

<p class=date>Thursday 12 AM, June 17, 1992

<p>I now have a <b>486</b>

<h1><b>486!</b></h1>

<p>I'm currently restoring my 3 hard drives worth of information that
I had while Tammy and I were together.  I bought

<p><table>
<tr><td>4 megs of memory</td><td>$190.00</td></tr>
<tr><td>486DX/33 with 64k cache</td><td>$470.00</td></tr>
<tr><td>Medium Tower case with 200 watt power</td><td>$109.00</td></tr>
<tr><td>2H, 2F, Tape, 2parallel, 1 serial I/O card</td><td>$29.00</td></tr>
<tr><td>Tape backup 120 meg</td><td>$229.95</td></tr>
<tr><td>120meg tape</td><td>$19.00</td></tr>
<tr><td>1.4meg floppy</td><td>$59.95</td></tr>
</table>

<p>I think that's all.  I just put the prices in here to see how they
fall in the future.

<p>I bought it in those pieces from EPO.  (There was quite a cute girl
at the cash register.)  I had a lot of trouble getting it working- It
even baffled Pierre and my dad.  I couldn't get FDisk to work
properly.  then Hal came over and did the same things we all tried and
it fucking worked.

<p>Hmmm this sucks.  I just restored everything to C D & E drives, but
the C drive won't boot.  So I can only boot from A:.  I noted that
IBMIO.SYS and the other hidden file weren't there, so I copied them
over, but it still didn't work.  so I just now reformatted C: with the
/s switch to transfer system files.  It worked.  Now I'm re-restoring
the 4 disks worth of drive C stuff.  Cool.  If the boots OK, I'll try
putting all 4 megs of my memory in the machine and we'll see if that
works.  Then I want to run Stunts.  "Tomorrow" I'm going shopping with
Tammy.  We'll buy shorts and stuff for me.

<p>Shit this sucks!  I just tried to reboot and it prints some garbage
shit on the screen.  Three times in a row.  Same shit.  Well, I don't
know what the hell is wrong.  I just played Stunts.  Cool.  Later
