---
title: train
tags: 
author: Rob Nugen
date: 1992-06-24
---

<p class=note>(transcribed from Book Two of my diary)

<p class=date>Wednesday June 24, 1992 11:30PM

<p>Yesterday I called Wendy on a whim and drove out there and we
walked on the railroad tracks by her house.  We got to a tressell(sp)
and when we were below it, we heard a train coming.  So I clambered up
the rock slope (I was barefoot) and barely popped my head up to see
the train.  It was close.  So I reached up just my hand up between the
ties of the tressell and placed on the track the Diet Coke can from
which Wendy had finished drinking.  The I stood below the railroad
tracks.  The train was Hauling Ass.  It was traveling very fast.  The
whole tressell was like humming before the train got to it.  Then
louder and louder and <b>WWWHHOOOOOOOMMMMMMMMM</b> The train blasted
over my head.  I was so impressed.  I watched it from that vantage
point for a sec, and then climbed out beside the tressell.  There were
water drops flinging off each car.  They seemed to be moving forward
relative to the train as they came off.  I noted that the last car was
not a caboose, so I got a rock, and tossed it into the last truck of
the last car.  <b>Clinnk!</b> It may as well have been hit by a
baseball bat.  The rock flew about a hundred feet. (Really) and landed
within 8 or 10 feet of Wendy and then it bounced past her.  Holy shit
that could have knocked her out...

<p>I was looking for the can, when Wendy said, "I caught it!"  She had
fucking caught the can one hundred feet from where I put it on the
track.  Wow. 

<p>Then Wendy and I saw Batman Returns.  It was stupid.  Then we
watched a lightning storm until 1am and then I left but just went to
Ma's house in Magnolia.  It turned out that Fred was there, too, so we
spent the night there.  Later.
