---
title: Tokyo Dome City
tags: []
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2003-11-04
---

<p class=date>6:10pm JST Tuesday 4 November 2003</p>

<p>Tokyo Dome City features Thunder Dolphin, a coaster that climbs
quickly and silently, drops what feels like invertedly, then climbs a
building, goes through a hole in a wall that's a continuation of the
face of the building, through a ferris wheel, and then around the
course again, but a bit lower.</p>

<p>It features two pictures per car, merged into a bi-collage with the
edges fuzzed out in such a way that my camera was not visible in the
frame.</p>

<p>It's a pretty fly coaster.</p>

<p>We rode it twice in a row, the first time in the very front seat.
(In Japanese parks, this is luck of the draw, no one is allowed to
wait specifically for a particular seat.)  We got back in line
immediately and I was like "kite kite" (key-te) to the guys who had
ridden behind us, one of whom did not seem to have enjoyed the ride as
much as I did.  They succumbed to my peer pressure (though I'm
probably 10-15 years older) and on their second ride <em>they</em> got
to ride in the very front seat, while we were in the back middle
somewhere.</p>

<p>Because I encouraged them to ride, I waited for their ride to
finish to exchange laughs and limited language.  We didn't hang with
them any past that.  (But we did see them in the tunnel between two
parts of the park and I gave them all high fives, saying "money!" each
time.  (dammit why have I decided that's an okay term?))</p>

<p>* Rode the drop tower (not so tall)</p>

<p>* Rode the indoor coaster (lame-ish)</p>

<p>* Rode the suspended shuttling coaster (lame-ish)</p>

<p>* Rode the ferris wheel (good views of Thunder Dolphin)</p>

<p>* Rested for a bit at Starbucks</p>

<p>* Rode Thunder Dolphin again, and this time I remembered about the
second camera, but I thought it was on the left not the right.</p>

<p>- - - -</p>

<p>Left the park, met a man who I think is Tomoko's boyfriend (he's a
bit older; it's common for young girls to have an older man boyfriend
in Japan), but she didn't come right out and say he was.</p>

