---
title: matrix revolutions
tags: 
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2003-11-05
---

<p class=date>2:25am JST Thursday 6 November 2003</p>

<p>Once or twice after seeing a movie in Japan, I have warned people
"this gives away secrets of the movie blahblahblah" then realized
nevamind; it already came out in the US a long time ago.</p>

<p>But this time, though the movie has come out in the US, it has
<em>just</em> come out in the US.  It just came out everywhere.</p>

<p><h1>this gives away secrets and shit about Matrix Revolutions</h1></p>

<p>If you don't want any secrets stop reading now.</p>

<p>Stolen from <a href="http://www.thematrix.com/">thematrix.com</a></p>

<pre>
           Just over an hour ago, Larry and Andy Wachowski, Joel
           Silver, Keanu Reeves, and Jada Pinkett Smith found
           themselves in a theater in Shinjuku, Tokyo, introducing the
           film to a crowd of thousands. This was twenty minutes
           before the film was to start, because at the actual moment,
           on a platform outside the theater, a counter ticked off the
           seconds.  Raining, with a sea of Matrix code umbrellas
           dotting the crowd, Joel announced the weather fitting,
           considering the Super Burly Brawl in the film.
           
           At the moment of reckoning, lights flooded the surrounding
           area, soap bubbles and green tinsel confetti poured down,
           and inside the theater, the film began. Right now, in over
           20,000 theaters, in over 100 territories around the world,
           people are watching the third and final chapter in the
           Matrix trilogy.
           
           Updates are underway here at the site, but considering
           everyone should be in a theater about now, maybe we'll wait
           a beat...
           
           More shortly...
           
           TheMatrix.com
</pre>

<p>Nice.  I know that station.</p>

<p>(no I wasn't there for the opening described above)</p>

<p>- - - -</p>

<p>Sweet movie.  Pulled characters together and wound up the fight
scenes another notch, this time without building a freeway to crash a
bunch of cars on.</p>

<p>- - - -</p>

<p>The fight scene with the cats walking around on the ceiling as if
gravity meant nothing was pretty fly.  Good work with Trinity striking
the same pose as the first "wut da hell?" move in the first movie to
blast that guy upside down to smitherines.</p>

<p>- - - -</p>

<p>Some of the lines were predictable.  But I liked a couple. </p>

<pre>
"If we're lucky, there'll be a guy checking for weapons."

"and if we're not?"

"There will be lots of guys."
</pre>

<p>That was predictable, but still good.</p>

<p>- - - -</p>

<p>Trinity dying in the end makes it better for Neo to die, but I
still hoped for a way for them to escape.  I noticed the lines
blasting through her body as they crashed the ship into the robot
city.  I was like, "uh oh; that didn't look good."  (I wonder how good
it will look in slo-mo on DVD)</p>

<p>- - - -</p>

<p>In the first movie I complained about the timing of the last
scene.  In short, Morpheus shoulda blasted the EMP before Neo got out
cause, he's Neo; he doesn't need the thing to jack into the Matrix.
How right was I?  Yep, the coma in which we find Neo in the last movie
is him jacked into the matrix without a jack.  I knew it.</p>

<p>- - - -</p>

<p>Oh my god the shooting scene where the huge wearable robots taken
from the set of Aliens were blasting up at the pierced ceiling...
that was fine.   It outdid the lobby shooting scene in the first movie
and the Neo fighting every Smith guy in the second movie.  Totally
sweet.   Oh and it outdid the first movie helicopter shooting into the
building scene (which should have been bloodier, btw)</p>

<p>- - - -</p>

<p>When Neo took off running (RIDICULOUS) to catch the train, he
should instead have Pulled a Neo and <em>BLASTED</em> toward the train
and then flown past the screen in that train station like 20 times in
3 seconds before he stopped and goes, "shit."</p>

<p>I mean hell they didn't even get the footsteps to match up
correctly; there's a break in them.  It's a fucked up scene.</p>

<p>Imagine, the seedy sweaty tooth ugly duckling triplet of the twins
from the second movie punches Neo then takes of in his crazy train, so
Neo is like, <em>Oh yeah, I'm going to fucking fly faster than
superman and kick your ass!</em> and he crouches down to fly and the
world goes "wubba wubba" in the cool circle pattern and the whole
audience goes, <em>uh oh, Buck's gonna start chewin' some gum,
man,</em> and Neo TAKES OFF after the train only to fwip fwip fwip
fwip fwip fwip fwip fwip past the screen like the pullstring on a
pull-down blind that just won't stay pulled down...</p>

<p>That would have been funny.</p>

<p>But they made him RUN after a <em>train</em> and fucked up the
sound effects of the footsteps in the process of showing it was
fruitless.</p>

<p>- - - -</p>

<p>Classy that they didn't try to overtly outdo the multiple Smith
fighting scene.</p>

<p>- - - -</p>

<p>Somewhat cheesy the way he talked to the matrix, but I have no
better solution.</p>

<p>- - - -</p>

<p>When the sentinels all split from Zion and the world had black cats
walking by twice (same sound effect btw) where was The Oracle chillin?
In the real world?  How did the sky get fixed that fast?  As I think
about it, she must be in the matrix, and that was the matrix sky
getting fixed.  But why would the matrix sky be fucked up just because
the robots and humans were fighting?</p>

<p>- - - -</p>

<p>Interesting that the sentinel used the same device to listen to the
matrix as it did to listen to sounds.  Presumably the matrix machine
didn't call off the fight with a sound wave, but with radio waves.</p>

<p>That cat with the gashed up face after the sentinels ate his lunch
was some pretty good costuming.</p>

<p>- - - -</p>

<p>I like how they depicted a woman as a better driver than a man.</p>

<p>- - - -</p>

<p>Trinity taking control of the French cat was sweet.  "I don't have
time for this shit."</p>

<p>- - - -</p>

<p>Oh the super-slo-mo Neo punching Smith scene kicked.  The water
drops elongated was dumb but acceptable to get the point across.</p>

<p>- - - -</p>

<p>Um, so yeah.  The movie ruled the Matrices.</p>

<p class=date>3:36am</p>

<p>I gotta go to bed.</p>

<p>(ps: the taxi cost 2900 yen to get home.  Shin paid me 3000 yen for
the lesson tonight)</p>
