---
title: Work
tags: 
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2003-11-10
---

<p class=date>5:55pm JST Monday 10 November 2003</p>

<p>Today at work I was asking why/complaining about how if we sign a
shift swap with another employee, the request only goes as far as
scheduling, but not payroll.  I can see how payroll (corporate level)
and scheduling (branch / area level) are two separate functions, but I
wonder why Nova verbally enforces us to pay the difference in value
between two separate shifts.  Basically a weekend shift is worth more
than a weekday shift, and a late shift is worth more than an early
shift.  And people who have been here longer make more money than
those who have not.  Their time spent working is "worth more" than the
other person's time spent working.</p>

<p>So the idea is if two people do a shift swap, and the shifts are
not of equal value (due to the shift or the employee), the employees
are asked to settle the difference.</p>

<p>Because this settlement request is coming from Nova, then it should
be handled by payroll; the correct salary should be paid to each
employee.  Done.  No employee worries about anything but covering the
shift they agreed to cover.</p>

<p>But it's not.  We have to "take care of it ourselves"</p>

<p>ANYWAY, I was like, "that's dumb; either Nova should not care, or
they should make it happen."</p>

<p>Actually I was like, "why is it like this (dumb way)?"</p>

<p>JLo was like, "because the pay-difference is handled by each
individual."</p>

<p>I'm like, "no, each pay-difference is handled because Nova doesn't
make the adjustment at payroll.  It's like the shift-swap only goes
halfway."  (at this point I hadn't recognized the functions of payroll
and functions of scheduling take place at different levels of the
hierarchy.)</p>

<p>"Yes, that's right."  JLo agreed with me as if he always had been
agreeing.  "But Nova would have to make a whole new department to
handle the requests."</p>

<p>I was thinking, <em>no; they just fix it once in the computers;
make it an integrated system</em></p>

<p>"they would hire yakuza to enforce the collection; it's better to
just have the individuals do it."</p>

<p>Oh my god.</p>

<p>It woulda been funny if they were joking.</p>
