---
title: fucking b        
tags: 
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2003-11-13
---

<p class=date>12:44am JST Friday 14 November 2003</p>

<p>From <a
href="http://www.cbsnews.com/stories/2003/09/17/entertainment/main573729.shtml">CBSnews.com</a></p>

<pre>
FCC OKs Bono's F-Word  Slip
WASHINGTON, Oct. 7,2003

When it comes to cursing, the government says, it's all in the
delivery.  
 
That's the view of the Federal Communications Commission in its
decision that U2 singer Bono's colorful language during the Golden
Globe Awards didn't violate federal indecency rules. 
 
The FCC rejected complaints from the Parents Television Council and
more than 200 people, most of them associated with the council, who
accused dozens of television stations of violating restrictions on
obscene broadcasts by airing portions of the awards program last
January. 
 
The complaints objected to Bono's uttering the phrase "this is really,
really, f------ brilliant." 
 
The FCC, using the F-word more often to explain its decision than Bono
did on the air, said the word "may be crude and offensive, but, in the
context presented here, did not describe sexual or excretory organs or
activities." That distinction is a key test to measure whether a
statement meets a federal standard for broadcast indecency. 
 
David Solomon, chief of the FCC's enforcement bureau, said in the
ruling that Bono used the vulgarity as an adjective or to emphasize an
exclamation and that "the use of specific words, including expletives
or other 'four-letter words' does not render material obscene." 
 
The Parents Television Council, a Los Angeles-based watchdog group,
said Tuesday it would appeal the decision and the FCC is "splitting
hairs." 
 
"It's not shocking to us on the FCC decision because they're a
toothless lion," said Lara Mahaney, director of corporate and
entertainment affairs for the council. "They don't take indecency
seriously and that's why you see it proliferating on the broadcast
airwaves." 
 
The FCC rejected the complaints on Friday and announced the decision
this week. 
 
"We have previously found that fleeting and isolated remarks of this
nature do not warrant commission action," Solomon said. 
</pre>
