---
title: Yomiuriland
tags: 
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2003-11-19
---

<p class=date>2:52pm JST Wednesday 19 November 2003</p>

<p>Ol' Yomes ain't too crowded today.  I wonder if it's on a downward
trend.  I've got 1 data point for how busy they usually are, but this
is the middle of the day late in the season, granted, but it's not so
busy.  But all of the rides are running (except one that I can tell,
the mini Cyclone-esque ride called White Canyon.  It's a wooden
coaster, but not so big.  Only 2 circuits and probably 20 meters
tall.)</p>

<p>Their minetrain, Bandit, is running two trains happily, with one
train on backwards.  I rode each train twice, then rode the Standing
Loop Coaster, which has only one train running (and it's a sit-down
train, not standing).  (What kinda false advertising do they encourage
around here?)</p>

<p>I watched the sea lion show, and practically enjoyed it most.  The
lion blowing the horn and the other balancing a ball on his snoot
impressed me more than anything else here.</p>

<p>Crazy Houuuu Stoooon is an interesting ride.  They've got two
towers, one of which launches the riders up, then slowly
oscillate/bounces them down.  Then we go to the next tower and get
lifted slowly and then dropped, then similary bounced and oscillated
down.  So there's a launch tower and a drop tower: two separate units,
as part of one ride.  Concept being we're launched and then drop back
to earth.  Except we change rides on the ground inbetween.  But
hey.</p>

<p>Next to Crazy Houuuu Stoooon is a bunjee tower.  22 meters tall.
I did it. My first bunjee jump ever.  It was a <em>bit</em>
disconcerting to fall forward off the tower, but I have told everyone
who has asked that I would do it in two seconds, so I couldn't
hesitate for a moment.  And I didn't.  But the one poopy thing is I
couldn't wear my glasses for the bunjee drop (*OR* for Crazy
Houston). and damn crazy Houston isn't all that crazy.  Nothing like
Dodonpa for speed, and well blah.  I enjoy being able to see as I dive
toward possible oblivion (over a big billowed air bag.)</p>

<p>I ventured into the middle of Bandit, wondering where the sidewalk
ends and headed toward the outsikirts of the park and found a dead end
at the top of a rather tall flight (trail) of steps in the woods.  I
went past the plastic chain (as it wasn't very sturdy, not like a
fence) and poked around a bit, but it wasn't too interesting; only
interesting that I wonder what it used to be like.  I felt somewhat
like an archaelogist might, though the finds were not more than a
couple years old.  I hope not more than a season old for YUL's
sake,</p>

<p>(a guy just gave me 300 yen worth of a ticket to ride stuff)  wow.
one of the workers on White Canyon.</p>

<p>um, so I wonder if the park is making money; it's not that great of
a park (oh, I rode w water ride too.  raft ride, with four places and
no splashing water to endure.  My computer (in backpack) rode with me.
I kept switching seats in the boat to turn it around and kept getting
pointed backwards as I was the heaviest thing.  Next time I'll sit
backwards in the seat.  maybe.</p>

<p>I'm low on battery, low on film in my camera; I may rock outta here
soon.</p>

<p class=date>7:36pm</p>

<p>After writing the above.  I applied the 300 yen towards another
fall from the bunjee drop.  It's 900 yen to do it.  This time I had no
fear, and allowed myself to tilt <em>slowly</em> forward until I fell
at approximately 9.8 meters per second per second.  If I were to ride
it again, I would probably ask if I can go backwards.  Knowing Japan,
I'd be disallowed, but I'd still ask.  I might try doing an
intentional half twist on the way down.  But really it's not that far
to fall, doing all kinda acrobatic stuff.</p>

<p>I watched two girls sit on the bench while their friend climbed the
bunjee tower.  She didn't jump immediately, and they were like, 
"がんばって" (*) (!) and "だいじょぶう" (**) and stuff.  Their friend didn't
jump for fully 10 minutes.  One of the two bench warmers became a
bunjee jumper and rocked on up there.  In high heels.  After another 5
or 8 minutes, the first girl jumped.  I clapped politely.  She made a
choked whine/gasp sound on the way down.  Good work.</p>

<p>Second girl, in high heels walked out to the edge.  After a few
minutes I heard the operator guy say something that meant either, "hey
man, I'm throwing a size 6 pair of black high heels onto the mattress
thing so she won't pop it," or "look out below" and he tossed the
shoes down.  She wasted no time jumping.</p>

<p>読売ランドがすきです。</p>

<p>(*) Work hard, good luck!</p>

<p>(**) are you alright? / you're okay!</p>

<p>(!) I can type Japanese in my new version of emacs!!!!!!!! (!!)</p>

<p>(!!) and the backspace works!</p>
