---
title: "late"
tags: [ "late", "zzzz", "sleepy" ]
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2018-04-06T00:54:06+09:00
---

## 00:54 Friday 06 April 2018 JST

Just watched a couple episodes of Rick and Morty on Netflix.  From
season 1, the Zigerian scammers, and then the Mr Needful half of the
Pluto episode (, fast forwarding through the Pluto parts).

This was after Japanese lesson with Mel, who often gives me bonus time
yay!  We read a few pages of a Doraemon book with 100 four-kanji words.

All that was after eating chocolate on the way home from the station
after reading _Planet on Purpose_ after talking to Yoko after the
lesson after receiving the remainder of the chocolate rabbit she
brought to class after she arrived late after we had been talking
about _Planet on Purpose_ after talking about Skype after having
talked about the lesson from last week after Mayumi asked me about it
after not having been there then.

Today's lesson started after I helped some people from Atlanta Georgia
charge their Suica after I charged my own card after arriving in
Akihabara after taking the train from Kawasaki after buying a bottle
of milk tea after noting it came with a chipmunk character (from Chip
and Dale) *inside* an adjacent bottle after going into the shop after
having finished four lessons at the SCC, including tweaking some
translation about a new exhibit, after learning that "exhibit" in
Japanese is てんじ, though I am not sure of its spelling.

I had gone to SCC after reading _Planet on Purpose_ on the train after
leaving home after working on ConSwi after attending the Court of
Support meeting after checking in and out of my Integration Group,
"Cyber Knights" after having breakfast after Lin made it after we woke
up.
