---
title: "dream flew on UFO"
tags: [ "dream", "ufo", "contacts" ]
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2018-04-16T16:41:01+09:00
---

## 16:41 Monday 16 April 2018 JST

Had a very interesting dream last night.  Most of the following was
transcribed in a text message to Christine while walking to the
station.

<p class="dream">I was out on a field and we saw a spaceship flying
above the clouds; it was moving to and fro, and had large glowing
green and red lights illuminating large portions of the clouds around
it.  As it was coming down I was like "that's a UFO" and some people
said "don't look at it" as if that might make it go away.  I very
carefully looked at it and mentally invited them to come down.</p>

<p class="dream">It came down through the clouds and had different
lights shining in different directions not like spotlights but kind of
diffuse lights green and red.  It was a round disk that came down but
what arrived was only like just seats as if maybe of an amusement park
ride.  The seats were red and thin, like padding plywood, like a
simply a seat and then eat some small handles that look like vertical
pads, like seats and pads of a workout machine, but without the
machine.</p>

<p class="dream">I got into a seat after another girl got into one and
she was like "oh this is so cool" and after I sat down on it I had the
experience of being lifted up by the seat and for a moment was worried
that I would be like required to to fight but that did not happen. I
floated up above the field where it had been and did like a backwards
loop and then back down and then lift it up.</p>

In my normal flying dreams I don't do loops like that so that was
different.

<p class="dream">The spaceship lifted up and we were flying over a
terrain of geometric shapes and I addressed someone saying "how may I
help you, sir?" and he said "it's not sir," so I asked the question
again he reflected the question back to me, all how may he help me, so
I said I needed to be back within a few Earth minutes of when we were
picked up. He did not seem surprised by that.  OR, if possible, help
me pack all my stuff before the boat arrives, (because in the previous
moment of my dream we were just a couple days left sailing on a cruise
ship and was about to be in panic pack mode).  We were in a laboratory
and I floated around the room a little and he asked me about a
contacts case and was like "so what's this?" and I said "oh that
refracts light" and tried to describe briefly the human eyes work with
a lens and retina and he seemed interested in that, plus how something
so thin could could help someone see properly and maybe was looking at
something else and then</p>

my alarm went off just a couple minutes after the dream started that
was interesting.
