---
title: "meetings before Toastmasters tonight"
tags: [ "soness" ]
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2018-04-20T10:30:44+09:00
---

## 10:30 Friday 20 April 2018 JST

Several meetings today, including with men's group and Soness and
others.

## 13:33 Friday 20 April 2018 JST

So far so good!  Good feedback from attendees and should be meeting
with Soness soon.  Wanna ask her how to prepare for Toastmasters
meeting tonight.

*Bio*

Walking on stage, you immediately notice something .. off.  Rob is
barefoot!  Was it a mistake?  Did he lose his shoes?  Turns out he has
gone barefoot as much as possible for 15 years.

He talks about authentic speaking, being vulnerable with others.

"It's difficult sometimes, but it's worth it."  Is he talking about
going barefoot or talking about being vulnerable?

Then you realize he is talking about emotional honesty in a men's
circle.  "What is a men's circle?" you wonder.  "Some kind of club?"

After founding Tokyo Men's Group, Rob started a group for women.

"The methods work," he says.  "I know from experience my relationship
with my wife has improved.  My relationship with everyone has
improved, by looking inside at the dark corners of myself"

"What is he even talking about?" you wonder, but he looks excited,
saying something about lowering the suicide rate in Japan.

Pretty lofty vision, but could it work?  Could speaking about problems
really help them?

You settle in for the talk, and soon find yourself wondering at the
possibilities.  What would it be like to have a mission in life?  What
would it be like to have support in completing my mission?

After all the speakers, you head home, but still can't stop wondering
about that barefoot guy.  What was his name again?  You get out the
bio sheet and read.

Rob is American living in Tokyo. He walks around barefoot as an
example to let people be themselves and not worry about what others
may think.  Starting personal growth work in 1997, he is now the
representative in Japan for The Mankind Project (mkp.org), founding
and leading two peer counseling circles here.

He listens patiently, allowing his clients time to feel and be present
in the moment.  He models being vulnerable and imperfect.  "The key to
happiness is letting myself be me."

