---
title: Day in park
tags: []
author: Rob Nugen
date: 1993-03-20
---

<p class=note>(transcribed by Maggie 17 July 2003 (JST) from book four)</p>

<p class=date>10:20 PM Saturday 20 March 1993</p>

<p>Dude.  Today we went to Herman Park and we were playing on the
swings & goofing around and having a great time.  There was me,
Marcel, Molly, Greg, Will, Kayse (a girl Marcel is soon (hopefully for
Marcel) to date) and Melissa (Kayse's incredibly cute friend...)  I
drove us all in the van to the park and we swung on the swings and
hung on the monkey bars upside down as Molly took Pictures.  I did a
back flip out of the swing 6 times because Molly kept saying, "Do it
again!" each time I performed the back flip.  Then we did a dog pile
on top of me.  I'm on all fours and Molly lay on top of me then Marcel
then Will then Greg then everyone was laying on me and a young 9 or so
year old girl took our picture with Marcel's camera.  Then we played
leap frog.  That was cool.  I was able to bounce over everyone no
sweat.  Melissa had the most trouble because she's somewhat short.
But we got the chain going a couple of times.  I liked it.  Then we
played statue, where I would spin everyone around and let them go
tumbling and then they have to freeze until we decide what they look
like.  Then they had to act like whatever we decide.  It was pretty
cool.  The coolest thing was that a little girl wanted to be swung,
too.  So I swung her carefully and we decided she looked like a pogo
stick.  Dude.  Then we played Red Rover and the little girl played.
Her name was Kendra.  She was probably 8 or 9 years old.  When I
busted through Marcel and Will's arms, I busted the inside of my lip
and I bruised Marcel's arm with my chin.  My trachea is also bruised
and it really hurts to swallow.  So we quit that game and played
freeze tag.  During freeze tag, the coolest thing happened.  A bunch
of little kids were all like, "Can I play?"  "Can we play?"  Cool.  So
we were all playing freeze tag and about 10 10 year olds were playing
too.  The game evolved to having 2 ITs for a while and then we got
tired so we decided to have relay races.  We were just making up rules
and shit until we developed 2 teams, each person runs down to the
first frisbee, runs around it barking like a dog and then to the next
frisbee and run around it like a chicken and then run back.  Then we
ran forward to the frisbee and backward from the frisbee.  It was
great fun.  These 3 kids were like, "I'm on your team!" to me when we
started the relay.  That was so cool to have them think we were so
cool.  Then we kinda did an obstacle course and then we sat down for a
second to say goodbyes to Kendra and the 3 boys and stuff.  As we were
leaving, I threw the blue Haagen Dasz frisbee to Will and he had to
RUN to almost catch it, but he slipped and slid through a puddle
instead.  THAT was funny....</p>
