---
title: soon thereafter, at Majingos...
tags: [ "majingos", "omg", "eyes" ]
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2014-11-27
---

##00:54 Friday 28 November 2014 JST##

On my way out of Roppongi, I shook the hands of the various bar
managers/owners who said hello, and I took a liking to Ken, who had
white hairs in his beard.

He invited me to come up just to see the place so I could come back
next time.  Okay; that can't hurt, I figured, and followed him up to
6th floor of some building.

We walked past the doorman and he opened the doors to reveal... six or
seven beautiful, tall, beautifully dressed women.

Ooops.  I can refuse any amount of drugs or alcohol, but I know my
limit when it comes to women: the sky.  So, I gratefully said "thank
you and good night" and did a quick 180, hoping the elevator door would
still be open.  It wasn't, so I looked for a staircase, saw none, so
looked for elevator button, saw none, and just about felt panic as Ken
pushed the elevator button for me.  (It was right next to the elevator
where it should be; it just wasn't lit.)

The doors opened immediately (thank goodness), but not before three
girls came asking why I was leaving so soon.  "Oh your bag looks
heavy," one said in Japanese; "what's in it?"

I answered, "ummm..." (don't say computer; don't say computer) "my
coat" as Ken answered for me: "stuff."

They asked a few questions about where I live and why I needed to go
home.  I showed my wedding ring and said "I'm married" and one was
like, "oh, but if you don't eat; it's okay..." and I was like, "Ooohhh
I see!" as the most attractive(*) girl smiled her way into my personal space,
hugging me gently, looking directly into my eyes. Oh goodness that
moment was captivating.  I put my arms around her as well, and put my
chin over her shoulder for a bit more platonic hug.

Okay, this has(n't) gone too far (enough), so I apologized again, and
wanted to say "今度" (next time) which is basically a polite way of
saying "never", but I didn't want to give anyone any hope and gently
extricated myself into the elevator.

Ken joined me as the doors closed.  On our way down, I was like, "man,
those girls are hard for me to leave!!"

(*) The most attractive was the one with a retainer wire accenting her
lovely smile.
