---
title: "new workshop coming soon"
tags: [ "workshop" ]
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2019-05-30T20:31:27+09:00
---

##### 20:31 Thursday 30 May 2019 JST

final feeling = great and inspired to move forward, connected with new
accountability partner

stretch created

allow partner selection randomly

partner found

what happened at that time?  How did you respond to the situation?

It's time to allow the universe to reveal to you what you have already
stated you want.

welcome to the group

take five minuts with partner you do not know and tell them things you
do not want them to know about yourself.   Take the time by sharing
what you do not want them to know and they simply say thank you.
Allow yourself to say as little or as much as you want but make sure
it is things that you are not wanting to thll them.


Now tell them things you want them to know.  what do you want them to
think about you  What do you want to be true about you?  THen in that
way you have fell the contreast in the two modes of speaking.  One you
want to say and one you do not want to say.

Therefore you have a sense of what it is like to be either in the
feeling mode or the  resplendent mode.

Taking time to be in one of these two modes we see the value of
focusing on the good stuff.

Basketball Gorilla focus on what we want.

The Universe is that big focus on what you want; there is plenty to go
around.

Taking time to cry over a grain of sand is just as valueable to cry
over the deforestation or species loss we are going through and we are
going through it.  the species are like, that's it I am outta here in
order to allow space for two things.  1) for humans to get a wakeup
call, and 2) for new life to fill in its place.

Life will go on, and even in the miniscule chance that it fails
altogeterhere here on earth it will arrive again before the sun burns
itsefl out although we will all be gone off to play somewhere else
before that happens.

Consciousness is unlimited.  WHo here has done remote viewing?  Who
here has had any kind of inspiration before that could not have come
from anywhere else?  Some kind of information that seemed random but
was really helpful?

these seem like tow different things but they are based on the same
thing, that we are all one, which does not actually make sense to
start with the word we, but the manifest makes it appear that we are
different when in a deeper reality one is all one.  That means that
all consciousness is one and all time is one and though it's readily
apparent that what I am saying can be disproved and measured in myriad
different ways to show that we are differenet and the speed of light
is limited, the speed of consciousness is unlimited because it has
nowhere to go and we therefore have full access to all conciousness
right now from this point because this is the point of all reality.

Now, most people have an easier time noticing that there are
differences and it certainly brings the opportunity for us to
expereince contrast so that is why we have the chance to do whatever
we want in the world and there is actually no sin or crime but that is
a w hole nother topic.

We are able to experience contrast because the time spent in the one
is not particularly meaningifngul unless contrasted with time spent in
the difference time.  We neeed the contrast to give us the
opprotunitey to see what wwe do not want and to see what we do want
and to have the chance to manifset what we do what.

The manifestation hapens because we are all one.  The a  tTh   that is
the psame prinicalple thtthat allows mind reading to work esp  remoe t
remove vieiwng to work because there is onely one so therer is no
limit to consivousness when we look at if rrom the bpoit of view of
this univrse in 3D.   THat is the same readson that spirit can
manifest ewhatever we need or what or are creatign because we are oly
seeing that which we bring into manifestation in therms of it being
brought into the physica..  Its is possible to manifest things from
thin are  air. there are yogis who do it all the time for their
disciples but they cannot do it in western soicitey because it woul d
take away from our free will to belive that is is ot possible.  We
have stage magic which is not magic to show that but as all remote
viewers know and all so-called fake esp magicians know, sometimes when
doing the stage magic, there comes information from somewhere. and if
one is good at stage magic, one can work that into the show and make
the rest of the tricks seem that much more manag meaningful or
believeable.

So take a moment to breathe into the contrast of what you said that
you wanted to say and what you said that you did not want to say and
see how that feels to you emotionally.  You can use this emotiaonal
awarentess em

emotinas are the key and I have known that sense i was  I was in high
school when I smelled my dad's old
my grandad's old army jacket and just started bawling in sadness that
had been pent up somewhere for that many hears.  Where ha dthe
sandness been?  How did it end up coming to me now?  THere are many
questions that I did not know how to answer but I had a KNOWING that
it must be that emotinos are important.  Why else would they be ckept
in pristine condition SOMEHWER while I had all the experiences in my
life and had forgotten even what color my grandad's eyes were and
forgotten half they  detailes like fuzzy memories but the emotions
crystal clear and apparent?  apparently theyare important.

Now that i have been listening to Abraham I am understanding a bit
more why they are apparent.  Emotions are our guidance system, the way
in which spirit communictates with us, which means the way in which we
communicate to the part of us experiencing life inside these monkey
suits.  what better way than to use the suit itself?  Where does the
sadness come?  usually in stomach?  What about anger?  In chest or
balls.  What about fear?  again in the stomach or in chest.  These
emotions come right in, and joy is right in the heart felling up the
whole body with light and happy vibration.  why is it when I have an
amazingly positive experience in my men's group I feel electricity all
over my body? what is that?  I do not know yet but it feels good and
powerfully informative that I am on the right path.  Is it something
that everyone an experience in the same way?  Not sure but I will ask
some of my peeps about it.

I have been working in this work for a while and often hear the phrase
Your work is my work.  Why would that be true?  Many people are
experiencing similar things as one another.  there are patterns and
simialr behaviours that people have, even in cross cultural
relationships.

