---
title: AM
tags: 
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2001-12-02
---

<p class=date>12:32 am 2 December 2001</p>

<p>Just played a few rounds of Sardines.  I got
sidetracked talking to a guy who described the
architectural changes made to the church.  They aren't
exactly subtle changes, but I hadn't really scoped
them all out.</p>

<p>Oh, so anyway, I was last to find Meg Cusack
because of talking to Dan. So, therefore I got to hide
next.  I hid behind the gas meter behind the air
conditioners, using my training from the Katy Robinson
school of Sardines, <em>hide where it's dark and
scary.</em></p>

<p>I was there about 10 minutes at least before anyone
found me.  Simon was all, 'I'm going to go out but I
won't tell anyone you're here.'  As soon as he walked
somewhat out of the area, 'they're back there.'  Tsk
tsk.</p>

<p>Next round, I found Katy once about 50% of the
others had found her.</p>

<p class=date>12:43 am</p>

<p>Sean's visor and $50 are missing.  That sucks big
butt.  I mean, he had Pulp Fiction screenplay on it. 
C'mon who would take his visor???</p>

<p>I have often wished that my super hero power would
be that I can point to any specific object.</p>

<p class=date>1:53 am</p>

<p>Talent Show included lots of stuff.  Just did the
monkey song with phat pat, Nathan s, me acting like
monkeys.  I preened them both and almost collided with
Nathan a couple of times in our monkey behavior
bouncing.</p>

<p>Then Pat, Bryn and I did On Top of Spaghetti in
sign and then did a pretty successful 3 headed
monster.  Great fun stuff.</p>

<p>I fell asleep on the floor before the end of the
talent show, and slept maybe 2 hours as the rally
wound down.  On my way to bed (my thin inflatable
mattress under a table) I was sidetracked by a crisis
starring Erin, who was hyperventilating and stuff. 
She's pretty stressed, it seems, maybe over some abuse
in her history.  I sat on stage behind her, placed my
hand on her back and sat in silence with my eyes shut,
visualized golden healing light into her Being as two
or three youth tried verbally to help her relax.</p>

<p>One of the adults at the rally is apparently a
doctor of some variety.  She arrived and asked
western-medicine questions.  I just held the energy
until they went elsewhere.</p>

<p>I got to sleep around 4:15am.</p>

<p><img src="/images/rob/wL-ROB.gif"/></p>
