---
title: from bryn
tags: bryn
author: Bryn
date: 2001-12- 2
---

Date: Sun, 23 Dec 2001 19:39:12 -0800 (PST)
From: Bryn 
Subject: California.
To: thunderrabbit

Hey Rob!  

I finished "Way of the Peaceful Warrior" yesterday
with tears in my eyes on a plane en route to
California.  So i am here now visiting my mother's
parents and my aunt.  good fun.  But i have an
*amazing* story to tell you!

So tonight my mom, sister, aunt, and I all went to eat
sea food at our favorite seafood spot in So.Cal, Dana
Point.  Good fun after not having seafood in 5 months.
 After dinner we were walking along the pier looking
at the lights on the boats and my aunt said something
about some form of Tai Chi that she does.  

Extremely randomly I asked, "Susan, do you know who
Dan Millman is?" and her initial response was, "Yea,
he was in my English class at Berkeley." Inside i went,
"wow!" outside I said, "really?  I just finished
reading one of his books all about his time at
berkeley!" to which she said, "about that guy in the
gas station?  yeah, i've beAn to a lot of his book
signings, our paths cross a lot, though he was never
in class cause he was always out doing gymnastics
meets.  after he got back from isreal he said, 'even
the street cleaners are jewish!!'he was a funny guy." 

so!  what a small world it is!  yesterday i finish
reading this amazing book and today my aunt has gone
to school with the author!  and apparently she sees
him all the time!  she offered and suggested that she
take my book to get it signed!  i feel bad because i
have underlined and written in the margins on multiple
pages, but i think it would be great!  i just think
its an amazing example of the size of this crazy world
and i wanted to thank you for introducing me to a
great story.

so thats my super story for the evening and i hope it
makes you smile.  also, the book shares the feelings
of Dan in his unhappy marriage, and it reaffirms my
support for your break with Wende.  I think,
spiritually, it was the best thing for both of you, in
the long run.  You should re-read the book.

Smiles and Love,

Brynsies
