---
title: computer VD
tags: []
author: Rob Nugen
date: 1992-03-03
---

<p class=note>(transcribed from Book Two of my diary)</p>

<p class=date>Tuesday March 3rd, 1992</p>

<p>After work yesterday, I went straight out to the dorms and dropped
off my clothes and books and went to work on the VAX.  I got a lot
done on my program.  Molly came out at about 11PM or so and we joked
around some while we worked.  Then Marcel came by and said that he,
Maggie & John were going to study in Agnes Arnold room 208.  So Molly
and I printed out our stuff and then joined them up there.  I had been
up since 6:45AM after staying out till 1AM at House of Pies Sunday
night, so at about 1AM at Agnes Arnold 208, I was conking out sleepy.
In order to wake me up, Maggie had me walk with her to social work
building to get her printout.  When we got back Marcel gave us some
code that we needed to do our program.  It was the actual code to
convert numbers into Hexadecimal equivalents.  At about 2:30AM, we
left to go back to the dorms.  Molly and I went to her room, and I
hopped in bed with Laura.  Molly went to OB (Oberholtzer Hall) to
study for the assembly test we had today.  I conked out immediately,
and Molly was up until about 4 or 4:30AM.  We woke up at 7:30 to
shower and eat and take our assembly test.  After the test, we went
down to the VAX and worked on the programs. I got mine working, with
the help of Marcel's code.  We went back to the dorms for a while
before physics.  I conked out for 30 minutes on Laura's bed with her.
Maggie came back down from her room and got me up just before class.
We got there "fashionably late" as usual.  During class, Maggie kept
writing on my paper how long we had been there: "It's only been 15
minutes" or "It's only 2:o'clock" Pretty funny.  After class, we went
back to the VAX until 5:PM when Laura sent us a message that she was
leaving for work at 5:30 and would like to see me before then.  So we
went back to the dorms.  Maggie hugged and kissed on John.  I hugged
and kissed on Laura.  Laura gave me her board card so that I could eat
dinner while she worked.  I went to dinner and sat with Carl (Calc II,
recycling) and Louis (David (Data structures)'s twin, Physics III).
We ate and talked for about an hour.  Then I went back to Laura's room
and called Tammy to tell her that I think I have a VD.  (How's
<em>that</em> for a subject change?)  I asked if she wanted to talk
tonight and she said Yes.  I went back out to the VAX at 7PM to meet
Maggie after her Data Structures to help her on her Assembly program.
We got it working except for one little detail.  We had an
instruction: AddL2 #30, R5.  This is supposed to add thirty to the
value in R5.  R5 was 331h. The result was 68Fh or something uncool
like that.  We tried replacing R5 with R8, but got the same result.
It sucked.  The instruction only had to be executed once, and the
value (happily) was always the same, so we did MovL #775, R5
instead. It worked perfectly.  So I left Maggie at that point, hoping
she could figure it out by trying different things.  I told her if she
couldn't get it to work, just leave it as a MovL instruction.

<p>As I left, Danielle requested and pleaded that I help her with her
program.  I would have loved to, but I had to come talk with Tammy.
So I get home, and she's on the fucking phone.  She was on the fucking
phone for 2 FUCKING hours.  What a damn waste of my time.  I could not
believe it.  I could have secured eternal gratitude from Danielle.
But now Danielle will be mad at me.  Finally Tammy got off the phone
and I showed her the evidence that I have a VD.  If it is, I
definately got it from her via her friends in Colorado.  So we talked
for about 30 minutes and Lynn called.  Shit.  now Tammy has been
fucking talking to Lynn for 30 minutes. I'll be glad when Tammy is
gone.
