---
title: Friday
tags: 
author: Rob Nugen
date: 1992-03-13
---

<p class=note>(transcribed from Book Two of my diary)</p>

<p class=date>Friday the 13th of March 1992 12:30AM</p>

<p>I told Laura that Jeanine and I did "something". Laura thinks we
just kissed, which is fine with me.  I just got back from 24 hours of
school stuff.  Last night we saw <em>Blame it on the
Bellhop</em>. Pretty good movie.  Then I spent the night with
Jeanine. We didn't do anything but kiss a tiny bit.  Jeanine later
talked to Laura and then to me.  Jeanine told me that she would no
longer sleep with me or kiss me since it will hurt Laura.  She said
that if/when Laura and I break up naturally, that I should call
Jeanine.  Cool.

<p>Also today, Jodi and I talked.  I told her that I was receiving
mixed signals from her.  Like her major flirting with me, and then not
doing anything.. I told her that I would Love to go out with her.  She
agreed.  She said that she would love to go out with me, but if we did
now, it would be for the "wrong reasons."  She was stating
(accurately) that our relationship would be built on sex and therefore
not last too long.  She said that she would like us to get to know
eachother and then start going out.  That is ultimately cool with me.
I am so so impressed that she is willing to spend some time for me and
get to know me.  I really appreciate that.  So, since she's going to
be living with me this summer, we'll get to know/do eachother then.
Dude.  I am incredibly looking forward to talking more with Jodi; I
want to call her now, but it is pretty late.  Oh, our talk was
beautiful. We talked while sitting/lying on the hill by the rock water
fountain.  The day was beautiful. Sun, light clouds.  Gorgeous.  Jodi
and I have a lot in common, too.  I threw her keys into the water for
fun. :)

<p>Also today, Marcel and I played "Olympic 20 foot frisbee hurling"
at a Sprite can on the corner of one of the tables in the Quad
courtyard.  We were crazy. We were making up characters and yelling
and doing instant slow motions and zoom shots, Cool Cool.  We were
also audible throughout the dorms!! Alright! We also took his friend
from the Navy, Chris, to play frisbee at the library field, and then
to Social Work to play on the VAX.  Chris and Marcel called Chris'
base in Maryland.  Then we played on the escalators at Agnes
Arnold. That was super fun.  We also threw the frisbee from ground to
walkway between PGH and AH.

<p>We got back and everyone was gone from Laura's room to see the Lawn
Mower Man.  dude.  Laura is in a MUCH better mood right now, so that's
ultimately cool, too.  See ya later
