---
title: jodi
tags: 
author: Rob Nugen
date: 1992-03-14
---

<p class=note>(transcribed from Book Two of my diary)</p>

<p class=date>8:15 AM Saturday March 14, 1992</p>

<p>Last night after work, I went to a dance at the OB ballroom with
Jodi.  The music was cool and loud.  We danced for a couple hours
until it ended at midnight.  Laura arrived at about 10:30 or 11:00.
This was kinda unfortunate, as I wanted to spend all my time with
Jodi. It was OK, through, since Laura didn't dance.  Near the end,
they gave away the door prizes.  Jodi and I won Both of them! That was
so cool.  The envelopes were labeled "3 Passes to Arby's" and "3
Passes to James Coney Island" or something.  So that's a pretty good
idea of what they are.  Near the end of the dance, they started
playing slow songs.  So Jodi and I slow danced and I told her that I
wanted to spend the night with her.  So we agreed for me to meet her
at her room after I take Laura to <em>her</em> room.  It didn't work
out exactly right.. Laura walked me out to the van, and on the way I
told Laura that I wanted to go out with Jodi.  Laura immediately went
into a long speech(?) argument(?) soliloquy(?) about how Jodi wouldn't
go out with me because Jodi wants a committment, blah blah blah.  I
had a hard time Listening to her, since Jodi had already agreed to
spend the night with me.  Finally Laura said, "ok. go talk to
Jodi--but she'll tell you the same thing."  So I went to Jodi's, and
we immediately left for my house.  We got ready for bed, and then lay
in bed for quite a while talking.  I told Jodi what happened between
Laura and I.  We both agreed that it was kinda sad, but that Laura was
being kind of greedy.  We also determined that we would both like to
live alone together this summer, as having Laura would complicate
stuff pretty badly.

<p>We also talked about Jodi's desire for a committment.  She said
basically that she would go out with me and I could go out with anyone
up until this summer.  Then it would be my decision whether or not I
want a committment from Jodi.  If I choose to stay with her then Jodi
says, "You're mine.  I won't stand for any fooling around."  If I
choose not to stick with her then that's OK.  The decision will be
entirely up to me.  Dude. what a decision.  After that, we slept until
about 5:30 when we started kissing and I gave her a pretty good all
over body massage.

<pre>12 lines skipped</pre>

<p>We slept for a bit and then took a shower together.  She's not one
for long showers, though.  Maybe I'll try to work on that with her.
We slept for a while longer and then she had to get going.  She's
going to the beach today, Oh- and right now she's with Laura..  I
wonder how they will interact.... I need to get going to work.  I'm
going out afterward with Cheryl (from work).  We were originally going
to see a movie, but I might try to cut that down to just Marble Slab
and a walk at Herman Park area.  I have to do homework.  I've got a
test Monday in Calc III and Wednesday in Discrete.  and a program due
on Thursday and Physics due Tuesday.  Holy shit... Then it's Spring
Break and Laura will be gone! and Jodi will be here!!! Ultimate.  I
told Jodi that I'm going to spend a lot of time with her.  I wonder if
this is IT...
