---
title: this Is It
tags: []
author: Rob Nugen
date: 1992-03-20
---

<p class=note>(transcribed from Book Two of my diary)

<p class=date>7:55 AM Friday, March 20, 1992

<p>this is IT.  Let me explain (Long version) Saturday Cheryl ended up
not going out with me - she had visitors from Austin. So I just worked
on messages from the Castle.  Sunday I went to work and afterward I
had Jodi over and we studied.  She studied anthropology; I studied
calculus.  Monday I had the calc test.  It wasn't too bad.  After
school, I went to work.  During work, I told Emilio about Jodi's
proposition about summer.  He said, "why wait?"  Indeed.  So after
work I asked Jodi if she wanted to take the committment now.  She
said...

<p>Oh wait.  I forgot something.  After work on Monday, I talked to
Laura. I confirmed with her that she is not staying with us over the
summer.  Cool.  She said basically that I broke up with her before she
was ready.  At the end of our talk, she was all sad and emotional, and
she asked me, "Rob can I ask you something?"  I was like "sure please
do."  She asked "Is it bad to want to kiss you one last time?"  I
thought for a while.  Finally I said, "Not it's not bad, but I can't
do it."  She said, "Thank you... thank you" and that was it.. Dude.

<p>So after that I asked Jodi if she wanted to really wait until
summer to make a committment.  She said, "You're Mr No Committment
Man.  I'd love to now."  So we are officially going together.
Excellent!  We are going to have a fantastic Spring Break.  We slept
over at Jodi's house that night.  The next morning we went to class.
After school, Jodi and I went to the Galleria to go shopping for
Maggie and Molly's birthday.  We got Molly a wooden CD case
identically styled, but twice the size of her current one.  We got
Maggie a wildly colored umbrella.  We stopped by an expensive novelty
store and saw the perfect sandals for me.  They are entirely
waterproof with velcro all over.  They're designed for hiking and
tromping through water, etc.  Cool.  I will most likely get them for my
birthday.  Cool.  Oh we also got Jodi the CD soundtrack for <em>Beauty
and the Beast</em>.  Cool. Jodi went to work and I went to Laura's.
Laura and I struck a deal.  She didn't want to eat anything that they
had at OB.  But she didn't want to waste her board card by not letting
me use it.  But she didn't want to let me use it because of Jodi and
I.  So I told her that I'd go to Kroger and get her some stuff she
would eat in exchange for her board card.  So that's what we did.
Cool.

<p>That night, Jodi slept with me over at my house.  We had great
sex.  At the end she said, "I thought I had done it in every
position." heh heh.  I told her that she still hasn't done every
position.  Wednesday was my Discrete Math test.  I failed it like
crazy.  So I'm going to drop the class today.  Wednesday at work we
had an incredible storm.  15 minute period: Literally:  Calm weather.
No wind no rain.  5 minutes later, the wind was so fucking violent
that it wasn't funny.  I watched a trash can blow across the street.
Lamp posts were waving wildly.  The rain was gusting sideways and down
into the street in the same way as ocean water striking a ship during
a tempest.  5 minutes later it was barely sprinkling.  When I got off
work a couple hours (1.5 hours) later, the streets were dry.  Hold
shit.

<p>After work, I embarked on my assembly language programming
marathon.  I got to school and we first celebrated Maggie and Molly's
birthday.  We had cake from Kroger and gave them their gifts.  Cool.
Then Maggie and I went to the VAX and laughed and giggled and burped
and listened to music and programmed a little until 4AM.  Before I got
off work, she sent me a wonderful message saying how it was so hard to
work alone and that she wished I was there to help her through it
all.  Very nice.  She had her head phones there and we each used one
in one ear.  At one point we were jamming hard to some good old
tunes.  At 4AM we said forget it and went to bed.  I called Jodi and
crawled into bed with her until about 8AM.  At that time I went to OB
and asked Maggie to sneak out some breakfast for me.  We went to class
and stayed for about 5 or 8 minutes.  Then we went and VAXed all day
until Physics.  Then we went to Physics and then Jodi met me for lunch
for a minute.  Then I VAXed some more until 9:30PM when Jodi got off
work.  I went to eat a pizza slice from Coogs' Cafe with Jodi, Then
she got some books and sat ever so patiently with me at the VAX while
I worked.  I got it almost perfect and submitted my final version at
11:51 PM.  9 minutes before it was due.  Then I drove Jodi out to my
house and we lay in bed for a while.  I told her I was slightly horny,
and we started to kiss.

<p class=message>(four lines skipped)

<p>Dude.  We'll have a great Spring Break.

<p>I woke up this morning and did laundry while she slept.  Then we
came back to school.  It's now during my (almost) ex-discrete math
class.  Russ, Steve, and Adrian are outside here at Agnes Arnold
underground on the northwest white wall.  (They are standing on the
ground using the wall as a table to review for linear Algebra test.)
I'm sitting on the wall about to give O'Malley my drop form. (I failed
the (both) tests in here.)

<p>Dude. Yesterday on my way from non breakfast to class at 8:30AM, I
talked to the guys who were assembling the water pipes for the Cullen
fountain.  They assembled a section and then labeled it with magic
marker.  That gave me an idea. "May I put my name on one of those?"
"Which one?"  "Whichever one you're about to use."  So they handed me
a tube about 4 feet long and 6 inches in diameter and the magic
marker.  I signed "Robert was here 3-19-1992" Dude.  And when I walked
by there today. I saw the assembled piece with my name prominently on
there.  Ultimately Excellent.  I am now going to be immortalized in
the Cullen Fountain.


