---
title: Jodi Writes
tags: 
author: Rob Nugen
date: 1992-03-22
---

<p class=note>(transcribed from Book Two of my diary)

<p class=date>Sunday March 22, 1992

<p class=message>Hi! This is Jodi.  I'm Rob's girl now so I guess I
need to log in because we each our such big parts of eath other's
life's.  I was very surprised and delighted that Rob wanted me to be a
part of his diary.  I was curious to find out more about him and I'm
excited that he wants me to.  If this weekend has been just a little
sampling of what the summer is going to be like, then I think this is
going to be the best summer ever! :)

<p class=message>It's so great how Rob and I like so many similar
things.  Friday after work I stopped at my dorm room and packed my car
full of stuff.  I hat a suitcase with all my clothes plus a bag of
food and three boxes Rob is going to keep for me till the summer.  Rob
helped me unload the car and put things away.  It was so great when
Rob offered me my own shelf in the bathroom.  It really made me feel
comfortable and at home.  I got out my scrap book and showed Rob all
my pictures from Germany.  I talked so much I got horse but its been
quite a while since I had gotten my pictures out.  It was wonderful to
share them with someone I care for so deeply and to see his
interest.  We then made our Shopping List and decided to go shopping
Saturday after Rob got done at Kroger's.  It's been so long since I've
felt truelly on the same level with the guy that I was going out
with.  I think we've both had enough experience to realize what is
important in a relationship and thus hopefully we can make this last a
long time. (It's truelly what I would love! :)  I thought a
relationship with Rob would only mean "Great Sex" but it'a a lot
more.  I think that "lot more" is what both of us is looking for.
Right now I believe it's more me then Rob but hopefully he's seeing
things differently through my eyes.

<p class=message>So, back to our daily activities.  Saturday, Rob got
up early before work and checked my anti-freeze and put WD-40 in my
door locks because my key kept getting stuck.  He is such a [heart]
"sweetie."  For his working on my car I'm going to clean his (our)
Apartment.  So I ran to the bank real quick to get my check cashed,
went by K-mart to pick up basic essentials & oil so Rob can change my
oil.  After that I went by the dorms to pick up some things I'd
forgotten.  I saw Laura and Kim walking out to the parking lot.  They
were to far out to talk to and I doubt Larua would want to talk to me
anyways.  I try to stop myself from thinking about her but it just
really upsets me.  I want her as a friend so much but can't stand the
fact of how selfish she can be.  Hopefully things can get back on
track because I would hate for these events to end all my friendships.
I think that's what really bothers Laura, the fact that I would pick
Rob over her if it came down to it.  I can't help it if Rob makes me
feel so wonderful.  I've been so content these last few weeks.  It's
hard to believe I was even thinking about leaving Houston for good.
I've been in such an excellent mood this past week.  The best thing
about it is that I know it's not just the typical infactuation that I
would feel for a new guy in my life.  It goes much more beyond that.

<p class=message>I got back from running my errands and found Rob had
been home over his break.  I was so bummed I had missed him.  He left
me a great note.  What a Babe!  Well, I went to work cleaning the
bathroom.  I think it's safe to say Jodi won the war on soap & mildew
scum.  Things were looking pretty good after me and Spencer got
finished.  Spencer didn't actually help me put cheered me on and kept
me company.  After the bathroom it was on to the kitchen.  We did the
dishes and then it was time to clean myself.  I jumped in the shower
thinking I had 1 hour 30 minutes before Rob get's home.  It was so
great when he called on his last break.  I wanted to tell him all
about the cleaning but decided to surprise him when he got home.  I
got my telephone bill sent out and preceded to read my anthropology.
Spencer came and curled up next to me so we took a little snooze;
waiting for Robster to get home.  We went grocery shopping at Kroger's
once Rob got back and I got to meet all the people Rob works with.  We
had a great time shopping and picked up lots of cool stuff, including
a new broom and strawberry & blueberry bagels.  Awesome!  It was
spaghetti time when we got home.  We put the groceries away and
started making the fresh salad and spaghetti.  We really need a lot of
things put eventually we'll have them.  For now we can get along.  The
spaghetti turned out good but the sauce was kind of salty.  We had an
ultimate good feast and then made wild passionate sex.  Rob makes me
feel things I haven't felt in a long time.  Later he showed me his
very cool coin collection.  I could not believe how old some of them
were and Rob most definitely impressed me with his extensive
knowledge.  Then Rob brung out the Marble Trak.  <em>Sooooo</em>
Awesome!  I couldn't believe he had built that himself.  I think I
could play all day long.  What a COOL Toy!  I'm so happy Rob is
sharing all his life with me.  I just wish I had more to share with
him. Hopefully he doesn't think I'm totally boring!  I also got
introduced to all his wonderfully cool pictures on the computer.  The
zebras were so neat!  I wish I had a print of those to hang on the
wall.  So much for catching up on prior days.  Lets talk Sunday!  What
better way to start the day then with wild sex!  I'm so glad Rob loves
anal sex because sometimes it really turns me on.  It's more wonderful
because I feel I don't have to hold anything back with Rob.  I can
really be myself.  Rob was a real doll and changed my oil while I
cleaned the kitchen and made us pancakes for breakfast.  I think we
make a great team and we'll have a wonderful time together.  Now Rob's
gone to Kroger's and me and Spencer are keeping the apartment
company.  We've fed the fish (I know, Spencer would have rather eaten
them) and now finishing this entry.  I'm sure I'll be back later, but
signing off for now.

