---
title: birthday
tags: 
author: Rob Nugen
date: 1992-03-25
---

<p class=note>(transcribed from Book Two of my diary)

<p class=date>7:330 AM Wednesday March 25th, 1992.

<p>I am now 22.  Monday we went to get the house keys copied for Jodi
and then went to look for some sandals for me.  We couldn't find any
that were wide enough.  The guy there said I ought to call a
podiatrist, who could tell me where in town someone could custom make
sandals for me.  Then we drove to Allen Parkway and walked about 1.5
miles.  That was nice.  I took some mental notes on the ball shaped
water fountain.  I estimated .1 gallons per second comes out of each
tube and there are 200 tubes => 20 gallons per second.  Pretty cool.
Then Jodi had to go to work.  While she worked, I called Castle of
Dreams.  I've been pretty active on there lately.  I just found out
that Caleb/Black Magus is coming to UH in the Fall!  That will be
great.  Oh- either Sunday or Monday night Jodi took me to a carnival!
Fantastic.  We rode bumper cars together and the ferris wheel.  While
waiting for the ferris wheel, part of it fell.  Dude.  A small part -
one of the back rests of the chair.  Not a vital part, but it could
have killed(?) knocked someone out good if it had hit them.  While
waiting, Jodi and I finished off our carmel apple.  I asked the guy
where the trash was. He said "right there."  I said "Here on the
floor?"  He said "yeah you can throw it on the floor but not the
ground."  "Ok" So I tossed it onto the ferris wheel platform.  He was
like, "Mannn..." And walked up there and kicked it off.  One of the
side booths was throw-the-ball-and-break-a-bottle.  Cool.  They had
beer bottles inverted into holes in planks of wood.  Some mexican guys
were playing.  One dude was throwing the ball FAST. But he kept
missing.  That was a brilliant game.  People love to break glass, so
they'll pay to do it, and the carnival can get bottles for free off
the street.

<p>Tuesday we went to the school.  Jodi went to the library. I went to
the VAX and got a tone of different files.  I still haven't unarchived
them yet. (I've only gone through all the gifs. I have enough gifs
that I put them into different directories: girls, guys, cartoons,
cool stuff, etc. (I got the guys for Jodi)  I'll split the girls into
PG13, R, & X rated.  We played Frisbee with Marcel and Molly for a
bit.  At the end, we were discussing how to make the Discs of Tron
game a reality.  In the movie, each player tosses a (energy) ball back
and forth (Maybe "toss" is the wrong word) And a player has to keep it
from hitting the ground, or that section of his ground will dissapear.

<p>Now it's Wednesday, my birthday.  Jodi is sleeping here beside me
after our shower.  I fucked her from behind in the shower and squirted
in her.  Today we're going to go shopping for some plastic containers
for Aunt Jemima & Bisquick and flour and stuff.  Later
