---
title: Week
tags: []
author: Rob Nugen
date: 1987-05-03
---

<p class=note>(transcribed 11:57pm CST Monday 27 January 2003)</p>

<p class=date>(3 may 1987)</p>

<p>I'm mostly going to skip this whole week.  I remember there was one
thing I wanted to write but I don't remember it.  SHIT.  Lucy locked
my Ring Monday.  My official Junior class ring was locked on Monday,
April 27, 1987.  Right in front of Christina, too.  Lucy kissed me
right in front of her.  I wonder what Christina thought. I did my
Spanish project on Friday.  It was pretty good, I guess.  After
school Friday, Me and Fred packed the van for the weekend.  Then I
drove to pick up dad.  Then I went to work.  Then we went to Camp
Hollygrove for the 3rd annual Northwoods Unitarian Society Spring
Retreat.  We got there at about 11:00.  Emily and Cheri met me on the
way over to the main building.  We hugged and went in.  We all played
Ping pong and Fooz ball (the table soccer game)  We messed around
outside.  There was a trampoline and a slide and a barrel and a merry
go round with excellent berings.  I want to draw everything:</p>

<pre>
                       
  TRAMPOLINE       
  __________ cover 
  |        |          |     BARREL      |  The barrel was
  |        |          |     ______      |  cool.  We jumped
__|--mat---|___       |    /      \     |  in and would run
  |________|          |   /  /  \  \    |  in it.  It turned
    ^                 |  |   \__/   |   |  but didn't go
   hole               |   ----------    |  anywhere.

</pre>

<p>The barrel was just big enough for me to get in and stand.  The
NUTS were to have our own cabin.  It was me and Cheri and Emily and
Jessy.  That's all.  I was excited about sleeping alone with them.
But my dad informed us that he was also sleeping there.  I was all
like Fucking Shit Yuk Man about that.  The 4 of us put our mattresses
on the floor together.  So we all slept together.  We slept at about
2:30.  Woke up at about 8:00.  We/I ate breakfast, went across a 3
wire bridge across lake, built kites, built a blow gun, played hackey
sack, went around in rowboats, splatter painted, went for a walk,
played ping pong, etc.  Then we had the Truly Tacky Talent Show.  I
was in 5 different things in it. <b>1:</b> I helped the little kids
sing a song. <b>2:</b> Fred and I sat in chairs as if it were a car
seat.  I drove.  We went flying around, past trees, over a ramp, and
almost into a brick wall.  But the quarter ran out just in time.  At
the very first, we sat down and I said, are you ready kid?  Fred said
Yeah and I slid on some mirrored shades.  I looked so awesome.
Everyone thought I looked tought - so cool, man.  O.K. <b>3:</b> I did
a thing with Zach and Kevin.  I was like the M.C.... The rapper.  I
said, "One bright day in the middle of the night, these two best
friends decided to fight.  They went back to back to face eachother,
pulled out their swords and shot eachother.  The two deaf cops heard
the noise.  They came out and killed the two dead boys.  If you don't
believe this to be true, just ask the blind man, he saw it too."
Kevin and Zach acted the whole thing out.  It went without a flaw.
Perfect.  All the way through. It was great. <b>4:</b> Me Zach and
Kevin sang <em>Lean on Me</em>. About 1/2 way through, Fred came out
and Leaned on us.  We all fell over.  <b>5:</b> Me and Emily sang the
Yogi Bear Song - "I know someone you don't know, Yogi, Yogi," - That
one.  We even sang the bisexual part.  It was cool.  After the show,
the kids played outside for a while.  Then we came in and played ping
pong.  People started going to sleep.  The NUTS stayed.  Fred fucking
stayed, too.  The little asshole. He wouldn't leave.  'Bout piss me
off.  NUTS, Fred, and a dude named Dan stayed and played cards.  I
told the koosh joke. *40 Minutes*.  It was great.  I'll have to write
to Shawn and tell him.  At about 4:00, we went out on the boats.  The
entire time, I had visions of Jason jumping up out of the water at
me.  I figured if I was scared, They will be too, so I told everyone.
We went in soon after that.  Fred left for bed.  Me and Cheri played
ping pong.  We went to sleep at about dawn.  6:30.  We slept 'till
10:00.  We had lunch and listened to a guided meditation by Byron.  It
started raining.  Cheri and I ran out in the rain.  That was fun.  I
like being with her.  Just one on one.  She is <b>cool</b>.  We will
be friends forever.  We jumped on the trampoline.  Water came up
through it.  That was fun.  We were totally drenched.  Everyone packed
and left.  I got home at about 5:00.  I accidentally left my folder
there.  It had my pre-diary stuff from this weekend in it.  And it had
Bryn's letter to me in it.  SHIT.  Kelly called me when I got home.
We talked about nothin' for a while.  She's going to Houston Rally but
not GA.  I am happy.  She is going to SWUUSI.  Yeah baby I got my
nights filled, now.  That's about it.  Goodnight 10:50PM May 3.</p>
