---
title: Girls Magna Carta
tags: 
author: Rob Nugen
date: 1987-05-08
---

<p class=note>(transcribed 12:13am CST Friday 31 January 2003)</p>

<p class=date>May 8, 10:50.</p>

<p>I just finished Bryn's Letter.  I am thinking about quitting
gymnastics.  As of now, I have only told Brian.  He said he would quit
if I did.  I also don't want to quit because I would have to get
another job.  I don't want to work.  I just want Girls all day.  I
want sex.  We had locker cleanout today.  My locker was already
perfectly clean.  I didn't do anything to it.  Tomorrrow I am planning
to see a copy of the Magna Carta.  Ginger Przybyla is going to take
me.  I am supposed to call her tonight.  I will as soon as I finish
this.  I have been trying a lot.  I reached Tammie Pekar when Ginger
was in the shower.  I guess Tammie is going with us.  That will be
fun.  Ginger is supposed to call me back, but it has been 30 mins.
Today when Mrs Roach told us the Magna Carta would be in Houston, she
said we would each get a 100 replacing our lowest grade if we go see
it.  Gary Crawford said, "how much if we bring it back?"  Mrs Roach
went crazy for a bit.  Telling him No don't do that.  Gary and I are
going to make a copy of it instead.  On an old grocery sack or
something.  We are going to put it on her desk under a fish tank
courtesy Mr Roesler.  It will be hilarious.  Today after school, I was
trying to get Mrs Roache's poster of the Magna Carta so we could copy
it.  But she woudn't leave.  She stayed by her room until at least
3:30.  I finally left and didn't worry about it.  Good Night 11:02</p>
