---
title: pools of tears
tags: 
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2003-12-24
---

<p class=date>1:34am JST Thursday 25 December 2003</p>

<pre>
Merry Christmas, Rob!

It's good to know that you're liking Japan better, learning students'
names, and recognizing how much you've learned. You could look at the
past nine months as a fantastic Christmas gift to yourself!

We'll be going to Jill's this afternoon to exchange gifts, then to
Live Oak for a Christmas Eve service. At least this year the kids
won't be climbing all over you! I'll be thinking of you, though.

How will you spend your days off?

I've been kind of bummed since we exchanged a couple of heavy duty
letters and you haven't written since. Are you mad? sad? irritated?
indifferent? satisfied?

Alicia is leaving Christmas morning to see her mom in Lawrence,
KS. Karina will arrive Christmas night and wants some Thai food for
dinner. In between, Jon and I will go caroling at Safe Place, a
shelter for battered women and their children. Everyone's name had to
be submitted ahead of time and we have to take photo IDs with us. We
don't even know the location yet.

Karina's mother Georgette will be in Austin Jan. 30-31. The two of
them will probably see each other for the first time in 12 years. They
are both terrified. Karina has felt abandoned by her mother most of
her life. After a big dispute 12 years ago, the passage of time made
it more and more difficult to bridge the gap. Now Georgette has lung
cancer. It may be small cell cancer, one of the fastest and most
virulent kinds. This may well be Karina and Georgette's only time to
see each other. They still love each other on some level, but there's
a lot of anger piled on top of it.

Have a very happy holiday. I love you!

Ma
</pre>

<p>- - - -</p>

<pre>
Hi Ma

Thanks for the updates.

I'm in a shit mood now cause I'm really scared about healing this part
of me that I despise so much.  I don't want to hurt any more women and
I don't want to not use women as my comfort and I can rationalize my
behavior since I haven't kissed or had sex with any women in Japan
cept Janette but in my heart I know there is still something to be
healed and I just can barely even consider the idea that it's possible
to heal and that it's possible that I will survive the process and
that it's possible I will still be myself on the other side.

I'm completely wrapped up in myself and I have to pretend like I'm not
and pretend like I care about other people so that they will care
about me and I say that cause i get all these emails (I HAVE OVER 400
EMAILS IN MY INBOX!!!) and I'm like, 'yay nice email' and I don't
reply cause I'm just wrapped up in myself and just want the drug of
emails coming in = love coming in.  fuck.

That's why I haven't written to you.  I'm hardly taking care of myself
and have no energy to be like, "oh shit that sounds fucked up about
Karina and her mom" and I can see it on an intellectual level how hard
that must be but I have no emotional energy left to really feel it and
send her love and light to help.

I have no big plans for my days off; I'm afraid I'll just rot in my
room like I did yesterday and not study Japanese like my big
aspiration says I should do and god I just hate this.

Thanks for listening.  I don't need you to counter or soothe each
point; just hearing me is enough.

Somewhere in all this I love you and wish you well.

	With Love
	- Rob

ps: thank you so much for the money.  Now I'm suddenly crying; thank
you thank you for continuing to love me even though i feel so
unlovable.
</pre>

<p>huge wailing gasping tears followed.</p>

<p>I'm going to bed now.  for real.</p>

<p>After I write to janette.</p>

