---
title: AM
tags: []
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2003-12-29
---

<p class=date>8:12am JST Monday 29 December 2003</p>

<p>Awake.</p>

<p>Warm under blankets I recognize at this moment I don't want to
  leave Carla's house.  I don't want to be the first to leave, to
  break the moment.</p>

<p>This is an opportunity for me to practice doing what I need to do
  and trusting that my (*) resulting happiness will attract to me
  beautiful people and energy and wealth and a positive life.  So I'm
  letting go here and going out into the world. (**)</p>

<p>(*) At this point in my entry, 裕子 invited me to see MIRENARIO
  tonight, a beautiful light display that I've wanted to see.  Oh, but
  I'm meeting ゆみ tonight at 7.  Hmmm. (***)</p>

<p>(**) here = Carla's house, the world = The Apple Store in Ginza.</p>

<p>(***) we've decided to go see it tomorrow night.</p>

###comments

<p><b>Name:</b> Karen

<p><b>Email:</b> Karen@ *redacted*

<p><b>Subject:</b> hmmm....japan?

<p><b>Comment:</b>
<br>Im not sure if you remember me, Im Karen P, that spastic yruu-er from Austin- was on YAC for a bit.  Well the other day I ran into some old yruu frinds randomly in Olympia WA where I had been living for a couple of years.  Well they were catching me up on what everyone has been up to and said you were in Japan.  I check your journal thing for the first time in years today, and by golly it seems that you are in Japan. Whats funny about that is that I am currently in Japan as well, kasuga in fact (by the tokyo dome).  Just for a bit visiting someone.  But anyways it would be nice to maybe have lunch or something.

