---
date: 2012-12-22T07:56:22+09:00
slug: dream-paolas-name-is-jane
title: dream Paola's name is Jane
tags: dream,journal
---

##07:56 Saturday 22 December 2012

_Went to Paola's home party with several other people there, baking cookies and yummy stuff.  I was helping Paola slice bread and put butter on it.  She was stabbing the loaf with the knife instead of slicing with the knife, and it seemed to get a bit dangerous so I stopped holding the loaf until she was done.  I pulled some first pieces off the loaf to put butter on them, and went to get the butter then came back and couldn't find the slices where I put them.  I realized they were under two to her slices that Paola must have stacked up on top of those.  I put them onto some foil to put them in the ofyen and Carla came in and was like, "mmmmm" and then I tolde her that's margarine, not butter and she was like, "awwww" and we were thinking about Carla's veganism and then I realized people were calling Paola "Jane" and as people in the other room were silent, Paola went in and said, "you guys go ahead; I can't make it" because there was too much work to do in the kitchen.  They were like, "oh it's no problem," but some people thought it was an issue of Paola's perfectionism that made her not take on some large projects like building a tour through an abandoned village in a cloud forest through which we were now walking with Carla.  I climbed down the steps, testing out the rope to see if it would hold if people fell off the green mossy covered wooden stairs down which I was walking.  It held me just fine, and I turned the corner at the bottom of the stairs and found the guys were unfurling a long blue hose about 15 inches in diameter all the way down another staircase.  They inflated the hose with a fan at the top and we could slide down the hose without injury and with great speed.   The first guy tried it, but there wasn't enough pressure in the hose so his butt kept hitting the stairs.  I was like, "more pressure" and the guy turned on the fan a bit hired and then the guy on the stairs went whooosh down and hit his head on the top ridge of the tunnel near the bottom.  Oh crap, sorry, I thought cause he was too far away to hear.  The next guy went down with less incident, and then came back up using the air pressure as a rocket of sorts.  I saw the guy who hit his head and I apologized, but he said it was no problem.   I woke up before I got to slide down._

It's interesting to have Carla and Paola in the same dream so soon after I found out they both know Jana, whose name is similar to "Jane"
