---
title: Today
tags: []
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2002-12-01
---

<p class=date>9:59pm PST Sunday 1 December 2002</p>

<p>Did laundry then had breakfast of three egg omelets each.</p>

<p>Took a big phat nap and then rode bikes down to the beach.</p>

<p>Walked out along the pier (I ran, negotiating the great
discontinuities in the large rocks quite well; I was impressed with my
feet) and chilled, watching boats and birds and Sally told me how to
identify particular lights (they're each numbered and each blink with
different frequency, so a body can know where the boat is located as
it tries to get back to shore).  Walked along the shore until our path
was blocked by a big rocky outcropping a bit too unclimbable to
climb.</p>

<p>On the way there we scoped out some of the houses up on the bluff.
I wondered why they have stairs instead of a slide leading down to the
beach, with four mil plastic lining the beach all the way to the surf
so they can slide and slip-n-slide from their porch to the water!</p>

<p>On the way back, I almost tried to climb a big rock, but the water
wasn't as shallow as I had hoped.  Plus it's cold cold cold.  Sally
told me that California weather is always perfect because the land is
hot and dry desert, but the water keeps it chilled to the perfectly
optimal temperature.</p>

<p>Sally saw one of the fire pits had been abandoned though the fire
still burned, so we sat by it and chatted until the wood mostly burned
down, then moved to the next fire that had been more recently
abandoned.  Once it faded for the second time (Sally rearranged the
wood the first time) we headed back.</p>

<p>I sang Ants And Cheese for her and we harmonized the song like
opera singers or some such.  Funny funny.</p>

<p>Munched tacos and told funny stories; I told her about the wolf who
said, "meow.  meow.  meow, man."  funny funny funny.</p>
