---
title: Mail solution
tags: 
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2002-12-02
---

<p class=date>2:14pm PST Monday 2 December 2002</p>

<p>super thanks to Marcel for clearing up my problem sending email:</p>

<pre>
I think it's related to RFC0001, which says that all ports have three
timeouts per period, after which normal port operations recommence
(after a brief commercial break). Unfortunately, the RFC was vague on
several important interoperability issues.  Chief among them were
timeout length, period length, and average airspeed of an unladen
swallow.  Vendors argued intensely over what these unspecified
defaults should be, with Microsoft refusing to release airspeed
figures for it's proprietary, genetically altered "Microsparrow 3.1"
product.  This split vendor support into two camps: those who had a
monopoly, and those who wish they had one. Unfortunately, those in the
monopoly-envy category had to deal with labor unions (being without
means to operate without one).  Based on my intense analysis of your
problem, you can't use Mail because port 25 labor workers have refused
to go back to work until their demands for higher wages, more paid
vacation, more official holidays, and free manicures have been met.
Unfortunately, that means packets you've sent destined for port 25 are
rotting on the IP stack, due to a classic case of "priority
inversion," whereby port worker demands for lifestyle-enhancing plush
benefits have incorrectly received a higher priority than your
communication needs.  Liberally applying baking powder to the inside
of your PowerBook should take care of the stinch of rotting packets,
although it might have other operational consequences.

Marcel
</pre>
