---
title: Today
tags: 
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2002-12-04
---

<p class=date>5:29pm PST Wednesday 4 December 2002</p>

<p>Rick came over to take Sally to work today, so I just farted around
a bit and then went to Nordstrom to pick up my suit.  Got it with a
slight delay since I didn't have my ticket; the guy with whom I spoke
yesterday looked for the suit, then came back to confirm I still
didn't have the ticket.  Then he went back and found the suit.
Whew.</p>

<p>In my mind, I wondered about getting all Strong Attitude if they
couldn't find it, even though I didn't have the ticket, considering I
had told him yesterday I didn't have it.</p>

<p>Then I shifted my thoughts; trusting that it would be found easily
and simply.</p>

<p>- - - -</p>

<p>Worked on my <a href="http://www.robnugen.com/resume/">resume</a>,
put a closing date on FSD and adding my latest adventures since
FSD.</p>

<p>Watched <em>Changing Lanes</em> at Elizabeth's recommendation
(Barbie's friend who I met in WV) and enjoyed it pretty well.</p>

<pre>
I just watched Changing Lanes, at your recommendation.  I really
enjoyed it; thanks for encouraging me to watch it.  The whole karma
between Samuel L Jackson and Ben Affleck's characters was pretty
impressive.  The movie showed me how making the "right" decision from
moment to moment can have profound effects on one's immediate future.

For the movie specifically, I mostly think that Ben Affleck's
character was bringing most of the negativity that existed into their
relationship.  Samuel L Jackson brought in some, but more often he was
the one trying to make everything right.
</pre>

<p>Then zipped over to Kinko's and printed 3 versions of the map to my
interview tomorrow, copied the recommendations written by Dude,
Maggie, Karla.  Didn't get a recommendation from Kevin, though I may
check in the morning to see if he got one to me in time.  Probably not
unless I wake up with plenty of time.</p>

<p>I'm at UCI now, picking up Sally after work.</p>

<p class=date>5:44pm</p>

<p>Now I'm in Sally's office; she is still working a bit.  She ate
lunch today, so doesn't need the poptarts I brought just in case she
had forgotten.</p>
