---
title: darn printer
tags: []
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2002-12-05
---

<p class=date>8:09pm PST Thursday 5 December 2002</p>

<p>Got to Sally's about 30 minutes ago and shared stories; hers was
far more stressful than mine, and continues to be so.  For multiple
days (weeks?) she's been working on this large poster (44 x 56 inches)
for her graduate advisor for this conference he's attending this
weekend.  He's been really hounding her to get it finished and at one
point even said it looked like crap (how supportive is that??
Advisor.  Pshhh). Yeah I know it's for a big conference and such but
no one is going to fucking die if the thing doesn't look perfect; he
should just chill the fuck out.</p>

<p>Anyway she's done a ton of work on it, but the guys at the printing
place are having trouble with it, so when she called to check on it
she got all stressed and somewhat freaked that she'll lose her job if
it's not perfect and done on time so she went out there to see if she
can help with it.</p>

<p>I offered to support her by going to the printer as well, but she
was all "no" because her advisor was going to be there too, and if I'm
there he'll think she's just fucking around.  Fair enough.</p>

<p>She left her cell phone and when it rang and her advisor's name
came up I answered it.  He was basically aware of the situation and
gave his suggestion on how to get it finished (dump to powerpoint and
send to Kinko's and FedEx to him at the conference with Saturday
delivery).</p>

<p>Since Sally's advisor was actually also on his way to the printer
as well, he and Sally will get to be all stressed together and fight
and do whatever they need to do.</p>

<p>I wish them the best.</p>
