---
title: kuci rob roy
tags: 
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2002-12-05
---

<p class=date>12:33am PST Friday 6 December 2002</p>

<p class=note>I'm so glad that I didn't go to Kinko's, otherwise I
wouldn't have had the chance to do this:</p>

<p>As I stood on the balcony, overlooking California, talking to
Janette on the phone, Sally drove up as I was talking to Janette and
was all, "Rob!  Come down!  I wanna show you something."</p>

<p>I hung up quickly with Janette because my phone went all staticky
when I stepped back inside.</p>

<p>"I have a surprise to show you," Sally gushed as I got into the
car.</p>

<p>"How is your printing project?"</p>

<p>"Oh, it was fine; by the time I got there, they figured out what I
was coming to show them.."</p>

<p>On the radio was Barbara, Sally's friend from KUCI, playing her
show BossaSuperNova, featuring "samba, bossa nova, samba-funk, jazz,
electronic" music.</p>


<p>Sally took me to her campus and then I saw the sign on the building
<b>88.9 KUCI</b>...</p>

<p><em>We're going to the <a href="http://www.kuci.org">radio station
at UCI</a>!</em></p>

<p> It's student run, has a lot of the same music as KTRU (though it
has a lot more music, most of it is not reviewed, so I would have to
change my style of DJing if I volunteered at KUCI), doesn't have as
much graffitti or stickers everywhere as KTRU, DJ's are allowed to
take calls on the air, and they have a much bigger space than KTRU.
KUCI is in a temporary trailer building thing; their front entry room
is big as all KTRU's rooms combined.</p>

<p>Met Barbara, Sally's friend who was DJing, playing some Brazillian
music, which I would classify simply as "jazz."  Met Barbara's
significant other (forgot his name) and scanned around the CDs and
such looking for familiar names.</p>

<p>I had Sally listen to a funny song by Smile on their _Girl Crushes
Boy_ album.  I don't know the name of the song; it's a "hidden" track
available at the end of the CD after like 13 minutes of silence when
the last track ends.</p>

<p>Barbara's shift ended and I was talking to the next DJ, <a
href="http://www.r3e.com">Rob Roy</a>, whose show is <b>Music, Mirth
and Madness</b>, featuring "ug hip-hop, breaks, jungle, downtempo,
breakbeats" which I describe as electronic/breakbeat show, including
some hip hop.  We started talking, hit it off around music (especially
DJs (like my boy Chadillac) who can freestyle mix shit together and
have it sound good, given they have no conscious knowledge of what
exactly is on the recordings) and computers and travel and blogs... So
when Sally left, she encouraged me to stay and hang out with Rob
Roy.</p>

<p>Took me a while to decide, but I did stay and am glad I did.</p>

<p>Rob Roy was all, "K-U-C-I [blah blah blah] and I'm Rob Roy, plus
I've got a guest DJ.."

<p>and I introduced myself</p>

<p>"and do you have a DJ name besides just Rob?"</p>

<p>"Um, how about Thunder Rabbit?"</p>

<p>My dream coming true, as Rob Roy sorta interviewed me on the radio
and asked a bit about where I'm from (KTRU | Houston | Gulf of Mexico
(and how it's different (murkier but warmer) than pacific coast)) and
let me yammer about a couple of songs that I selected.  Fun stuff.
Played a song by Panacea, and "You'll Hide" by The Controls, which did
not have breakbeats in it, but I didn't know his rule for selecting
music yet.</p>

<p>I didn't find anything like super heavy jungle beats, but I don't
know a lot of jungle artists.  ("don't know a lot of" = "know almost
zero")</p>

<p>Rob showed me his websites and had asked a bit about my computer
background and a bit about my traveling future.</p>

<p>All too soon the shift was over (2 hours only!) (I'm used to my 3
hour 7-10pm Saturday) and Rob Roy took me home to Sally's.  Most
excellent to meet him and hang out in a college radio station again!</p>
