---
title: alita
tags: []
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2002-12-06
---

<p class=date>5:39pm PST Friday 6 December 2002</p>

<p>Sally is talking with Rick to invite him to dinner and such.</p>

<p class=date>9:31pm</p>

<p>Went to a small italian-ish restaurant called Gina's and the most
beautiful cashier/hostess was there.  Alita, with beautiful smile,
beautiful eyes and long dark hair with red (?) streak.  I went inside
under guise of staying warm, but really just to flirt with her as we
waited for a table.</p>

<p>Her coworker Jennie had a bandage on her hand and showed us the 24
stitches resulting from her brother wrenching (no pun intended) a
hammer from her hand on the Wednesday before Thanksgiving.  YEOW!!</p>

<p>He was apparently going to hit someone with it, and she tried to
stop him.  I don't know if that stopped him after blood started
flying, but that's why her hand is bandaged.</p>

<p>When we got a table, I waved "bye" to Alita and Jennie (didn't know
their names at that point, though) as we moved from the counter to sit
down.</p>

<p>During the meal, I kept looking over for her, all giddy with how
beautiful she is.  Wow.</p>

<p>After we had finished eating, Alita was talking to her manager(?) a
bit and I wondered about going up to say HI, but didn't.  But when I
saw her with purse in hand and leaving I was all [insert bullet sound]
and ran out after her.</p>

<p>"Wait!" and then "HI.  You'll never see me again, but my name is
Rob and I'm on a road trip driving around the country.  You are really
beautiful.  What's your first name?"</p>

<p>She smiled, "Alita."</p>

<p>I confirmed how to spell it and got Jennie's name and we shook
hands.  Alita was all "you should come back to see us when you're back
in town!"</p>

<p>I just might.</p>

<p>- - - -</p>

<p>Oh!  Our dinner part was me, Sally, Rick, and their friend Jason.
Jason just bought a new guitar candy apple red electric and has been
to Japan a couple of times for sailing, I think.  He doesn't remember
much of the language, but did learn some while he was there.</p>

<p>He seemed quite interested in my road trip, asking questions about
finances and such.</p>

<p>Jason may join the group of people with whom I intend to go sailing
tomorrow from 1-4pm.</p>
