---
title: Dreams
tags: [ "dream" ]
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2002-12-06
---

<p class=date>7:59am PST Friday 6 December 2002</p>

<p class=note>(4am dream)</p>

<p class=dream>Driving on a road that had been just freshly poured,
like fresh asphalt had just been layed down where previously there was
only grass and a forest, I felt so bad for the animals who would be
cut off from their buds on the other side of the road,   but I was
forced to use this road for some reason to get someplace I had been to
before using other roads in the past.</p>

<p class=dream>On the map the roadway system looked like a big loop
with a diagonal stripe through it, where the diagonal was the new
road.</p>

<p>There was far more to this dream, and I thought, 'oh I'll remember
it.'</p>

<p>False.</p>

<p class=note>(7am dream)</p>

<p class=dream>In a small cabin type thing which was a medical
research lab as well.  With a guy who I just recently met, and a woman
researcher/nurse was there as well.  There had been mosquitos biting
us earlier and she talked about some diseases that could be carried by
mosquitos during certain times of the year, and that three years ago
ended a few year stretch where bewtween June 20 and July 4th, people
(especially babies) could get a disease from a mosquito bite.</p>

<p class=dream>She told us that there had been an immunization for it
and that the outbreak didn't happen much anymore.  But that she was
interested in seeing if we had the immunization genese in our DNA.</p>

<p class=dream>She told us, 'here each of you give me a DNA sample in
these cups,' told us to just turn around and each masturbate into a
cup.  People started walking in before I finished so I was all trying
to get some privacy, but I couldn't ever get a private moment long
enough to complete this project.</p>

<p class=dream>Someone walked in so I pulled my pants up, and it was
Meg Robinson who came in and I had been laying down behind the counter
in the dark, and she was all, "oh, you got hit in the balls; I hate
when that happens.." and ducked back out.</p>

<p class=dream>Then another girl was all, "can you help me?" and had
all this hair care products or something and I gave up my little
project and was all, "um sure"</p>

<p class=dream>Before I helped her, I was all, "you know what's
weird?"</p>

<p class=dream>"what?"</p>

<p class=dream>"today I just met Tony Hawk"</p>

<p class=dream>"!!!!"</p>

<p class=dream>"And it was no big deal to me.  I was just all 'HI
Tony, nice to meet you.'"</p>

<p class=dream>"YOU <em>MET</em> TONY HAWK????"</p>

<p class=dream>"I can see from your reaction that you would have been
a bit more excited about meeting him..  Anyway, I was just like, meh
and didn't really get excited at all.  Why do we individuals each have
different celebrities that make us really excited to meet them?"</p>
