---
title: dick clark
tags: 
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2002-12-07
---

<p class=date>12:31am PST Sunday 8 December 2002</p>

<p>Briefly:</p>

<p>I arrived and was let into the gate, but I was late and the
non-welcoming woman behind a table was all, "it's over" and such.  I
was bummed, but just like, "hmmm."</p>

<p>Went back to Tony the security guard and told him the situation and
he was all, "aw man go back and just go in the side entrance."</p>

<p>I was a bit 'nervous' ? because, oh I know, because she had
specifically told me it was over, and I was just going back even so.
But I did go back and talked to the cat at the side door, who was all,
yeah it's almost over, but O-town is still on stage.</p>

<p>"Who's that?"</p>

<p>"I dunno.  Boy band."</p>

<p>- - - -</p>

<p>Saw O-town.  Weird that we were all prompted "Five! Four! Three!
Two! ... Ladies and Gentlemen, here's O-town!!"  and we were supposed
to cheer as if they had just come out.</p>

<p>The first time through that song I danced and whatever, and then
they ended "whooo 2003 baby!" and all that.  Then nothing.  We just
stood around and kinda watched sutff until the guy with headset was
all, "oops, technical problem that is now corrected..  Okay, here we
go.  Five!  Four!  Three!  Two! ... Ladies and Gentlemen, here's
O-town!!" and we all cheered as if they had just come out.</p>

<p>A guy beside me was all, "you like this band?"</p>

<p>"Naw, I'm here for the TV cameras.  I've never heard of them
before."</p>

<p>He laughed a bit.</p>

<p>"I saw some Brazilian music last night - now *that* was music.
Totally incredible."</p>

<p>He agreed fully.</p>

<p>They did a second (third) song with the same prompt and we danced
more.</p>

<p>Then after the second song we stood around and then were prompted
to just cheer while they were onstage.</p>

<p>- - - -</p>

<p>Left with Rick, Sally, Kimberly; got water on the way out, walked
through a street made up to be New York, with businesses on one side
(Rick called it a slum), and houses on the other.</p>

<p>So funny that we were suddenly in New York!  And behind the facade
on brick business side was the parking garage.  Hilarious!</p>

<p>- - - -</p>

<p>Went to dinner at an asian restaurant with all 3 of them and got to
tell a long version of the Swa'vet "Quit fuckin' around a call me"
story.  So Funnny!!</p>

<p>- - - -</p>

<p>Stopped by Kimberly's house and we all hit the restroom, and I
checked out Tori Amos article in a magazine about women rock stars.</p>

<p>Drove home to Sally's with Eminem keeping me mostly awake.</p>
