---
title: Dream
tags: dream
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2002-12-07
---

<p class=date>9:55am PST Saturday 7 December 2002</p>

<p class=note>(dream)</p>

<p class=dream>Back at Emerson Church, we were having a ceremony for
some of the graduating seniors, including Zach Wood.  Anyone who
wanted to speak positively of him was able to do so.</p>

<p class=dream>I ended up first in line, even though I figured
advisors shouldn't go first, but be somewhere near the end, cause of
all people advisors probably know them best except for family (and in
some cases, more than family)</p>

<p class=dream>I carried a candle, which was more like a sparkler, but
only the tip was glowing and not throwing sparks everywhere, but the
tip kinda looked like a sphere as the actual wire of the sparkler
curved like the longitude lines on a globe near the top to make a
ball, and the very tip was glowing hot.</p>

<p class=dream>I walked slowly down the aisle from the back of the
church and the congregation was huge, like some thousand people
chillin' in the pews.  I was encouraged to speak quickly; there were a
lot of people behind me, including my brother, who was next in line.</p>

<p class=dream>"Um, Zach was really energetic when he was in The
Schweitzer Club back in the day.  And for that age group to be
outgoing with only a few peers is really amazing."</p>

<p class=dream>Everyone in the audience seemed to agree and I walked
back to the back of the congregation for I had just arrived and my
stuff was still back there.</p>

<p class=dream>I looked back over the front of the congregation and
could see a sign on a big building across the street from the church
like, "BIG BUSINESS BOUGHT THE BANK TO HAVE MORE POWER" and I cocked
my head over to Fred, "hey man, you see that sign?"</p>

<p class=dream>Then I heard some sort of commotion going on up front.
Someone was yelling <em>screaming</em> like a bad commercial, running
around the congregation hollering, "buy some watches, we got jewelry,
diamonds, anything you want a crazy low prices"</p>

<p class=dream>And he was so disruptive and inappropriate that I
started to run after him, slowly at first, but then building up great
speed, and he took off, still yelling his little spiel, and I barely
missed him as he did a little evasive move and ran another direction.
I reoriented myself and ran up the aisle to him and this time my
brother was also after him and the guy and Fred collided and went
sprawling onto the ground.</p>

<p class=dream>I got to him and it was the stapler guy from Office
Space flat on his back, so I pulled his glasses off to effectively
disable him, and I was all "you don't do that in a <em>church</em>,
man! You could tell we didn't want you here yelling like that and you
still did it.  And I was running <em>fast</em>; I only caught you
cause you tripped over Fred, man, what were you <em>thinking?</em></p>

<p class=dream>We carried him by grabbing his clothes, like a grabbed
his buttons up near his collar, and Fred grabbed his beltline and we
carried him up the aisle out of the church to a waiting ambulance that
had just been called.</p>

<p class=dream>I wondered about the wisdom of having moved an injured
person, but oh well, nothing to be done about that now, and hefted him
up onto the gurney in the ambulance.  A nurse helped him get situated
on the stretcher and he suddenly opened his eyes and kinda woke up
incredulously, "I'm not dead?" as if he imagined himself all bloodied
and broken from the fall.</p>

<p class=dream>I thought, "man you've never even fallen before to know
that you're just fine."</p>

<p>Then I heard a noise and woke up.</p>

