---
title: dinner party
tags: []
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2002-12-08
---

<p class=date>2:30am PST Monday 9 December 2002</p>

<p>Just got back from dinner party at Michael's.  He's a cat I met
while escorting Sally around UCI some days ago.</p>

<p>Before dinner I sat near Araffin and a woman whose name I've
forgotten.  Araffin told us about a cool cop scooter thing that had
one wheel, but otherwise sounded a lot like the segueway.  That
discussion ensued after I saw a unicycle in a corner of the room.</p>

<p>The dinner was fabulous.  Two chickens cooked in wine, soy sauce,
and orange juice, with salt, pepper, and paprika maybe.  (not that I
would know what paprika tastes like, but I heard them mentioning it)
big bowl of green beans, huge bowl of mashed potatoes ("I challenge
anyone to find any skin on those potatoes," challenged Eva, who had
peeled them.  Araffin was all, "the skin is where all the nutrients
are."  "I challenge anyone to find any nutrients in those
potatoes."</p>

<p>Sitting across from me was Michael's roommate, whose name I have
forgotten.  He's getting a PhD in computer science theory.  Woah.  He
sold me on checking out the programming language Python, though I
don't really have any project that I can do with it, unless I can
write some cgi scripts with it.</p>

<p>He talked about using Lisp as a freshman weed-out course because it
does garbage collection, has no loose pointers, and is sufficiently
brain convolutionary to make a body think any language after that is
easy as cake.</p>

<p>To my right was Eva, from Ireland, to whom I never mentioned, "the
only thing I know about Ireland lately is the referrendum they had to
vote to see if they'll allow 12 other countries into the European
Union" or something like that.</p>

<p>Eva was hilarious, and quite passionate about religion and
political discussion.  And she has a cute nose, which I couldn't
really keep my eyes off of.  Her boyfriend type person Gianluca sat
across from her.  He's from Florence, Italy, and assured me that
Europeans are just as dumb as Americans each time I harshed on
American intelligence in general.</p>

<p>Sally sat to my left.  She talked to a Chinese couple about
hydrology and such.  <! we played footsies a lot ></p>

<p>After dinner, Eva's lemon custard thingies were served.  Yummy.
Then apple pie thing, and then ice cream for Michael, and he got some
for me too, half of which I fed to Sally.  Ours was coated in maple
syrup and whipped cream.</p>

<p>After dessert, Sally and I helped clean a lot of the dishes until
Eva booted me from the sink, just in time cause I was getting tired of
dishes.</p>

<p>I took a nap for a bit, and woke up when I heard Jimmy Walker vinyl
being played.  Funny cat.</p>

<p>Good night.</p>

<p class=date>2:54am</p>

