---
title: Happy Antiques
tags: []
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2002-12-09
---

<p class=date>9:23pm PST Monday 9 December 2002</p>

<h1>virus download complete</h1>

<p>We went to <a
href="http://www.oldtowneorange.net/happytimeantiquesmall.htm">Happy
Time Antiques Mall</a>, just 90 degrees clockwise around the circle
from Felix's and Sally looked for a ring for herself and a pin for her
mom.  I wandered around the store, found an old brass/copper fire
extinguisher like the one I gave to Maggie some years ago.</p>

<p>Chatted with Pat, the owner and told her about my website and about
my Japan plan.  "I'm not going to get a virus from your website will
I?"</p>

<p>"It's just text.  You'll be fine."</p>

<p>"I've gotten a virus twice now..."</p>

<p>"You will not get a virus by visiting my website."</p>

<p>- - - -</p>

<p>On our way out, Pat and I were talking about my intended trek to
Japan.  She was amazing!  And by amazing, I mean the only person who
has reproved my intended adventure with such zest and gusto as if she
had been locked in a Japanese prison for years.  Okay, not that bad,
but damn..</p>

<p>"Have you spoken with someone who has actually worked for Nova?"</p>

<p>"No - only the recruiters who I've met."</p>

<p>"You've <em>got</em> to talk to someone.  Are you going to have
enough money to live?  to eat?  will you have electricity?"</p>

<p>"Either they are completely lying, or I will "  she cut me off
before I could say "be quite fine."</p>

<p>"I'm not saying they're lying; I'm just telling you what I know."</p>

<p>I thought, <em>you've never been!!</em>, for she had already told
us she had not been and had no intention of ever going.</p>

<p>"I can do anything for a year."</p>

<p>"No, you can't."</p>

<p>I was amazed by all the fear she seemed to have of my trusting
attitude of just going.</p>

<p>"Have you heard the horror stories?"</p>

<p>I'm thinking, <em>Stephen King?  yeah.</em>  "ummmm"</p>

<p>"I'll say 'I told you so!'... "</p>

<p>Wow.</p>

<p>I was basically in astonished shock, just laughing my ass off at
how nutty her soothsaying seemed, compared to all the other stories
I've heard.</p>

<p>"Do you know how much a steak or egg costs in Japan?"</p>

<p>I don't know, but replied, "good thing I don't eat steak."</p>

<p>"But you see my point..."</p>

<p>"I'm quite unlikely to talk to someone [who has worked for Nova]
before I go.  I hear what you're saying, and I'll be fine."</p>

<p>Sally tried to come to my rescue, saying I was pretty resourceful
or something.</p>

<p>"Are your parents wealthy enough to bail you out?"</p>

<p>snort.  "no.."</p>

<p>So funny!!</p>

<p>- - - -</p>

<p>Outside, we were like, "oh my god!" and basically making fun of
her, just in shock that, just that...  man!</p>

<p>Once we had gone another 90 degrees around the circle, I was all,
"YOU'VE NEVER BEEN!!!" just releasing all the pressure that built up
during that single conversation.</p>

<p>Wild.</p>

<p>So, Pat, I'm likely to go in March.  Check back here in April or
June and see how I'm doing.</p>

<p>Oh, and just kidding about the virus message above.</p>
