---
title: Tonight
tags: 
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2002-12-11
---

<p class=date>9:29pm PST Wednesday 11 December 2002</p>

<p>After some fucked up news about a semi-girlfriend situation, I was
thrilled to *almost* complete Kim's website!  I've been working on it
for so so long; it was almost perfectly finished when I left Kinko's
to help Sally pick up some chairs that her friends gave her before
they move.</p>

<p>Rode my bike like a <em>fiend</em> down San Joaquin Drive toward
Sally's apartments, barely running the red light at full speed to get
onto San Joaquin, and hauling ass with cars bearing down on me when
they got their green light.</p>

<p>I had to stop at the bottom of the hill (far too much cross traffic
on Jamboree to fuck around with that intersection) for I had no green
light.  One day I may get lucky with the timing, or find a consistency
with it that I can exploit.</p>

<p>Lungs panting/gasping the cool air.  Legs full of adrenaline,
almost shaking, but not.  Paced around in circles like a tiger or a
shark in Shell parking lot until I got a green light.  Traffic thinned
out first, so I went across on red.</p>

<p>Bike upstairs, rested 15 minutes cause my lungs felt... stretched,
maybe.  That's my best guess.  Hopped in Scott with Eminem blasting
away the pissy mood.</p>

<p>- - - -</p>

<p>Sat in Sally's office without her noticing.  I was there probably 2
or 3 minutes before she turned around.  Big awesome hug.</p>

<p>- - - -</p>

<p>Got to Sally's friends' and ended up with the chairs in her trunk.
Scott came as backup in case they were too big to fit both chairs in 1
car.</p>

<p>- - - -</p>

<p>Eminemed back and Sally has ssh on her computer, so I *finished*
Kim's project!  I emailed him all "wazzzaaaaaaaahhpppp" to let him
know the shit is finished.</p>

<p>And now Sally is making shishkabobs and I made some chocolate chip
cookies with no brown sugar.  Awwww yeah.</p>
