---
title: Weekend summary
tags: 
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2002-12-15
---

<p class=date>11:15am PST Sunday 15 December 2002</p>

<p>No telling if I'll realisitically finish this entry, much less
forge a play by play of the weekend.</p>

<p class=note>(summary: Sally called her friend Jennifer on Thursday
to wish her happy birthday.  Jennifer said (during a 2 hour phone
call) come up to my party in San Francisco.  So we did and had great
fun.)</p>

<p>Plane delayed a couple hours getting there due to rain in San
Francisco.</p>

<p>Great party: with a tall girl and guy in leather, and gay males
giving me eyes and sharing stories of Costa Rica with Christine and
her brother Dan, meeting Patty who seemed as comfortable as being a
wallflower.  Met Shauna (sp) who goes by Trixie when she goes
bowling.  Met Serena and Jennifer, friends of Sally's from Oberlin.
Others are from Oberlin as well but I don't remember who.</p>

<p>Dan put some funk on stereo and we danced our own little grooves
for about 30 minutes.  I was thankful to have someone else there who
would dance like no one was watching.  (which they really weren't
watching, but still)</p>

<p>Tall girl was named Liza.  Dressed in leather for the party, she
turned out to be really sweet, from Georgia, with soft friendly
Georgia accent, and who now works at Tiffany's.  She's 6' 1", and was
6' 8" in her go-go boot-heels.</p>

<p>zzzz around 4am.  (I really have no idea what time it was, but it
was late)</p>

<p>In the AM Dan and I cleaned up the bulk of glasses and beverage
remains from the party.</p>

<p>Went to Samba class at 10:30 AM with Sally.  I was mostly able to
keep up, but not completely.  Thankful for the extra help Silvana gave
me.  Her class is 10:30-noon at <a
href="http://www.dancemission.com/">Dance Mission</a> on 24th and
Mission in San Francisco.  Once that class was over, we stayed and
listened to some cats play afro-cuban drums tirelessly.  At 12:30,
Sally went back to Jennifer's and I went to Hip Hop class (beginner).
I learned about 8 beats worth of the 48 beat routine he spelled out
for us.  I left about 20 minutes early cause it felt like time, and I
was certainly not keeping up with the class.  I did some of Rob's
Crazy Dance on the side while they were practicing stuff that I just
couldn't seem to get.</p>

<p>BARTed home and it started raining just as I was 1/2 block from
Jennifer's house.  Perfect timing (see?) as they were just about to go
lunch somewhere.</p>

<p>Phu for lunch with Sally and Jennifer.  Got a present for Wende.
(Winnie the Pooh mechanical pencil)</p>

<p>Home, napped like three sardines with Sally and Jennifer on the
couch bed.</p>

<p>Awake, got tickets for the musical version of Hedwig and the Angry
Inch.  We all went to Shauna (Trixie's) to chat as the girls got
dressed.  Ate at an expensive place.  Went to see Hedwig.</p>

<p>I didn't get all the symbolism.</p>

<p>Stayed up until 4am chatting afterward.</p>

<p>Back to Jennifer's and to sleep by 5am.  Sally called a cab to take
us to the airport at 7am.</p>

<p>Zzzzzz</p>

<p>Slept most of the way on plane home to Hell-A and Rob = shower
now.</p>

