---
title: el Capitan
tags: 
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2002-12-16
---

<p class=date>8:21pm PST Monday 16 December 2002</p>

<p>I'm at El Capitan, a state park that is almost nothing like Emma
Wood beach.  But I haven't gone down to the beach yet, so maybe it
will be the same.</p>

<p>I don't know if I'll sleep a bit here, but I'm going to go explore
some in the dark.</p>

<p>Thank you for light, Three Quarter Moon!</p>

<p class=date>8:33pm</p>

<p>Okay, computer.  You're coming with me.  I have found a place that
I must explore more completely.  It's not exactly treacherous, but
it's definitely muddy, and two fences are asking me to stay away.  Or
maybe they are showing me where the real adventure is.  Okay, let's
go.</p>

<p class=date>8:44pm</p>

<p>Okay. I've made it past three fences (trivial; they are way old and
have been breached many times (not over or through, but since they
span just 20 feet, the newly beaten trail just goes around them)) and
down a nearly forgotten staircase descending a 45 degree slope of
slippery leaves and grasses to a wall asking me not to go past.  I
climbed around the wall, and am not going past that for the remainder
of my journey would be a fifty foot step down onto rocks over which
tumultuous water crashes and froths like a pancake mixer making
merangue.</p>

<p>There is one amazing sound that I'm hearing and can't quite place
it.  Sounds like stacatto drumbeats, but it's almost certainly the
waves, for it's coming from down below.  I wonder what it is.</p>

<p>I bet it's waves conking rocks together.</p>

<p class=date>9:12pm</p>

<p>I'm tired.  the metronomic crashing of waves and complete white
noise expeience soothes my brain.  I'd like to sleep here, but it's a
bit wet and muddy, and I'm being too prissy to get my sleeping bag all
mussed up.  And too wussy to sleep without it and freeze my ass
off.</p>

<p class=date>9:38pm</p>

<pBack inside Scott now.  Visited the lifeguard station, wondered if I
could break into it and borrow a 100 foot rope to rappel down the
cliff.  Decided against it.  (Especially when I saw the sticker
advising me that some alarm company protects the building.)  Though it
would be a lot of fun.</p>

<p>Probably going to slep now.</p>

