---
title: beach pebbles
tags: 
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2002-12-17
---

<p class=date>1:47pm PST Tuesday 17 December 2002</p>

<p>I don't know where I am, but I've had a lot of fun.  Small river
pouring into the ocean, as the ocean crashes into rocks and river.</p>

<p>After taking several pictures, I carefully stepped from rock to
rock until I was basically in the middle of the river on top of a tall
rock farthest out into the ocean but still not getting flooded by the
ocean waves.</p>

<p>Muwhahahahahaaaa!!!  I'm untouchable as the mighty ocean tried to
wave up the river and get me wet.  Each time, the river water pushed
the waves back before they got me too wet.  A couple of waves out of
like 10 attempts got my shoes barely wet.  My rock is invincible!!</p>

<p>Almost.</p>

<p>Just as I felt it was time to go, I turned around to head back
toward shore.  Looked behind me at the ocean just as it had gathered
enough momentum to bowl me off the rock with about a foot of water
gushing over top of it.  Maybe 6 inches of water splashing a foot high
above the rock.</p>

<p><em>Whoooo that water is cold</em> and <em>what an adventure!</em>
as I splooshed down into the river up to my waist.  Climbed out.
Camera was wet, but okay.  (I love my camera.)  Wallet wasn't even
wet.  (how'd that happen?)</p>

<p>Standing still on the rocks on shore, I wasn't cold.  My wet
sweatpants hung around my legs without touching them.  The wind didn't
touch me so I was fine.</p>

<p>When I moved, though, the cold water touched my legs.  But it
really wasn't *that* cold, so I stripped off the sweat pants (had on
shorts underneath) and twisted the water out of the legs and spread
them out on a rock to dry.</p>

<p>Took my shoes off by the sweat pants to keep them company.</p>

<p>Big smooth rocks covered the shore.  I lept from rock to rock
keeping perfect balance and having a blast.  So beautiful.</p>

<p>I ran out of large rocks and found a beach of little black pebbles
the perfect size: small enough to run across without feeling a thing,
but big enough to be easily scooped and thrown with glee in the air or
whatever.</p>

<p>Due to the ease of pebble movement, I couldn't dig a hole big
enough that the ocean couldn't completely obliterate in 3 good waves.
Quite different than Galveston.</p>

<p>I lay down near the top of the beach on the pebble-sand to dry off
and nap a bit, but I didn't sleep.  Too excited about the beauty of
this place!</p>

<p>On the way out, I saw the sign:</p>

<pre>
  LOS PADRES 
NATIONAL FOREST 
 PICNIC GROUND

 WILLOW CREEK
</pre>

<p>So that's where I was.</p>

