---
title: finding Wende
tags: []
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2002-12-17
---

<p class=date>6:34pm PST Wednesday 17 December 2002</p>

<p class=note>(written after 12:30am 18 Dec)</p>

<p>Around 6pm I arrived in San Francisco area.  I had called Jennifer,
Sally's friend and left a message on her machine.  She called me back
with perfect timing, as I was just turning from the 101 to the 280,
and needed further directions to her house.</p>

<p>But instead of giving me directions, she told me she would be
available after 11pm.  Okay.  But actually too bad because that's when
Wende got off work.</p>

<p>So I got off the highway, consulted a map, determined basically
which way to go to find Wende's work.  Didn't know what I'd do once I
got there.</p>

<p>I gave up on traffic and turned down a side street, hoping to find
a parking space.  Wende called me.</p>

<p>"HI"</p>

<p>"HI.  Where are you?"</p>

<p>"Near your work."</p>

<p>"Like where?  What do you see?"</p>

<p>"Um, Nia's Bar and Grill?"</p>

<p>"Wait!"  I heard her voice in stereo.  In the phone and through my
open window.</p>

<p>"Wait!  I hear you!  Where are you?  Get in!"</p>

<p>And she hung up and bang there was Wende and she climbed into
Scott, legs all bunched up on top of the food box Janette gave me for
my first trip.</p>

<p>Wow!</p>

<p>- - - -</p>

<p>She directed me to park in a garage (one less expensive than $1.25
per each 15 minutes) and then we went for food (Her lunch and my
dinner.)  in a total mall thing all futuristic and such, including a
radio station booth set up and broadcasting from within the public
area of the mall with attractive women in santa hats attracting
attention.</p>

<p>"Do you think if I flirt with those girls I can get on the radio?"</p>

<p>"Maybe, but you'll have to be done with me first."</p>

<p>I kept that challenge in the back of my head, but never tried to
get on the air.</p>

<p>- - - -</p>

<p>We ate at some place; I took Wende back to her work and plugged in
my computer to charge the battery in their break room.</p>

<p>Met Lori and Lisa at her work.  Lori told me a bit about her road
trip.  Lisa offered to loan me her museum membership so I can get in
free!</p>
