---
title: Piedras Blancas
tags: []
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2002-12-17
---

<p class=date>11:24am PST Tuesday 17 December 2002</p>

<p>I'm chillin' by a dog named Java, apparently owned by a cat (and by
cat I mean docent) named Dick who is paid or maybe volunteers for an
elephant seal protetion foundation or some such.</p>

<p>Anyway, While poopooing Hearst Castle, driving north on the 1, I
saw an incredible blast of ocean crashing up and over a rock 75 feet
tall about 100 meters out from shore.  "I gotta see that" so I pulled
into the nearby "vista" like any other vista the 1 sports periodically
for ocean viewing.</p>

<p>Parked, walked toward the end of the  parking lot closer to this
mammoth rock, and lo, a man standing in the area said, "walk slowly,
there is a female seal wandering around."</p>

<p>??  "Sure, no problem."</p>

<p>Without conscious awareness of my location, I had come to Piedras
Blancas.</p>

<p>He invited/allowed me to take pictures of the seals from the other
side of the fence.  Big monster four-fucking-thousand pound elephant
seals, whose "get away from me or I'll kill you" bray sounds like a
motorcycle trying to start and drown at the same time.</p>

<p>I took a couple of .MOVies of them braying and harassing one
another, but since no females are yet ready to mate, the bloody
battles are not yet being waged.</p>

<p>- - - -</p>

<p>Several other visitors have come to visit, and Dick is not able to
give them all the quality tour that I got, nor able to tell them to
chill the hell out and not walk like excited tourists so close to the
seals.</p>

<p>Ample signage tells people to be cool, but none have read it that
I've seen.</p>

<p>Out of battery power.  Gotta get charged soon.</p>

<p class=note>(written later:)</p>

<p>I took a brief nap by Java, a beautiful dark chocolate brown (maybe
coffee color, eh?) medium hair labrador(?) who was very excited for a
human visitor.  She got more excited when a rotweiller visitor came
nearby.  The owner didn't let them directly talk to one another.</p>

<p>Gave Dick my adventure card; thanked him for his time.  Learned
Java's name.</p>
