---
title: riding bike San Fran
tags: []
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2002-12-17
---

<p class=date>12:44am PST Wednesday 18 December 2002</p>

<p>Thanks to Wende's map, I was able to find Lombardi street (that's
the curvy one) and ride to the Golden Gate Bridge (though I was not
able to cross it) in a few hour period.</p>

<p>Rode down Lombardi, brakes on hard all the way down the curvy red
bricks.  The next two hills are *steeper* than the curvy one it seems
and I was literally all, "holy shit" as I began to go down one of
them.  Big time brakes, and a bit scary cause the ground was wet;
would I slide???</p>

<p>Took Columbus (I think) toward the right, and marveled at the
trolley system in this place.  Cables run just beneath the street in a
hugemongous loop.  Trolley cars grab onto the cable when they want to
move.  The trolleys going down hills help lift the trolleys going up
hills, and maybe the trolleys slow down by feeding energy back into
the cable.  (I don't know if that's correct or not, though)</p>

<p>Rode along Beach, then Bay, then Marina which was dark(!) and
scary, as my bike has no lights right now.  Made it to the entrance of
the Golden Gate Bridge and immediately saw a sign saying No Bikes or
Motor-Driven Cycles.  I ignored the sign and rode up the sidewalk
thing, through some shallow puddles.</p>

<p>As I got about 1/2 a mile up the ramp it started to sprinkle and
get really windy.  I continued up until I saw another sign, something
like, "shoulder lane ends" or some shit that made me think my little
sidewalk was about to end.</p>

<p>"Fine."</p>

<p>So I gave a blessing to the bridge, turned around, rode back down,
gave a good wolf howl to the night sky.  Then I found myself facing
oncoming headlights so I could basically not see at all where I was
going.  Just trusted that no one would be coming up my sidewalk in
this weather, and if anyone did, that they would see me.</p>

<p>Made it to the bottom and began my trek back toward Wende's work.</p>

<p>I got back on Lombardi, intending this time to go <em>up</em> the
curvy hill instead of down.  Imagine my surprise when I got to the
curvy part and realized I was heading on it the same direction as
before!  Somehow I had gotten my brain turned around and thought I was
coming from the opposite direction.</p>

<p>I had just come up two pretty steep hills, and decided even though
I was at the top of Lombardi, I should roll down it again so I could
have the experience of riding up the hill.</p>

<p>A taxi had started down already, and I caught up with it before the
final three turns.  Maybe four.  At the bottom, I simply turned around
and headed back up.</p>

<p>Lombardi is a one way street.  I ended up stopping once to let a
car go past. (That was the only stop on all my uphills the entire
night.) Three cars total came down.  Maybe four.  I didn't stop for
any of the others, just veered out of their respective way.</p>

<p class=date>1:38am</p>

<p>I'm tired tired tired.</p>

<p>Um, made it back to Wende's work after getting kicked out of the
art musem park where I was simply sitting on a bench, waiting for her
to get off work.</p>

<p>Wrote some journal entrikes while waiting for her in her work.  Got
Scott, drove home, unloaded Scott, time for bed bed bed (well, couch
couch couch).</p>

