---
title: Bye San Francisco
tags: 
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2002-12-21
---

<p class=date>1:44pm PST Saturday 21 December 2002</p>

<p>I'm at an oil changin' place in Novato, California, just north of
San Francisco.  I took Wende across the Golden Gate Bridge with me,
dropped her off at her truck, parked in Loretta's parking space at her
apartment complex.  This parking arrangement saves her money on
parking, but kinda inconvenient for driving.</p>

<p>I got lost trying to get to the Penzoil place here, which
frustrated me cause I knew Wende's family is waiting for her to come
rescue them from the hotel.  Wende stopped by a gas station to get her
oil changed and still made it to the oil changin' place before I did.</p>

<p>A weird thing is though I have an idea about how I got lost (wrong
turn), I got doubly lost on the way back. I'm usually able to retrace
my steps, and if not, at least to know geometrically which direction I
am away from a particular place.  Not this time.</p>

<p>But I made it here, locked my keys in Scott, gave Wende a hug,
found out that my keys were locked in Scott when Ashley came out to
take my information and such.  Fortunately I have an extra key in my
backpack, which was on my back.  Whew!</p>

<p>Whew.</p>

<p>More hugs to Wende and when she was all, "this is difficult [to
leave]" so I snuffed in her ear like a dog to give her chills down the
leg.  Not necessarily supportive of her emotions in that moment, but
something by which she can remember me.</p>

<p class=date>2:11pm</p>

<p>We go.  151658 miles on Scott.  3157 miles on this trip since
Dallas.</p>

<p class=date>3:41pm</p>

<p>96 miles driven since I dropped off Wende.  Have passed through
Sonoma Valley and Napa Valley (I assume it was those; I was definitely
in a valley with signs for Sonoma and Napa all about).</p>

<p>Saw a couple of big sized roller coasters in a park at the 37 and
I-80.  What amusement park is that, I wonder...</p>

<p>Cool rainbow ahead of me for a while.  I got some pictures of it.</p>

<p>Now I'm at a gas station to pee and wake up more.</p>


