---
title: bicyclin
tags: []
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2002-12-22
---

<p class=date>5:06pm PST Sunday 22 December 2002</p>

<p>Dude and I just got back from riding up and down a big hill near
his house.  Probably 400 feet up this muddy steep narrow trail that
neither of us could ride up.  Had to walk.  Feet would often slip on
the steeper parts.  Actually I could ride up on the less steep parts
if sharp granite gravel covered the trail, but not otherwise.</p>

<p>Near the top of the hill, it smoothed out some, so we could ride
around the top.  A post was planted there in 1969.  I was all, "d'oh!!
Someone has already been here!!!" like we had discovered a new land.
"But at least no one has been here since 1969."</p>

<p>Beautiful cloud shrouded view of the mountain some miles away.
Fog hung around us as well; we had made it to the clouds.</p>

<p>Then down down down down not like speed demons, but faster than
running and definitely more dangerous.  At the steeper parts it was so
difficult to find the perfect amount of brakeage to keep the mud
covered tires rolling some to give us some traction, but not so much
speed that we couldn't navigate.  Often my back wheel would lock up
and slide sideways, making for particularly difficult time steering
down the hill and staying on my bike.</p>

<p>I dismounted twice.  Once headlong into some briars, and once kinda
into a tree, but mostly just using it to stop me.</p>

<p>Dude dismounted twice as well I think.  One time he was going over
a hill and his front wheel slipped sideways and he jumped over his
handlebars to the safety of the soft ground.  We both laughed.</p>

<p>At the bottom of the hill we found the steepest, ruttiest parts,
plus had to *not* go over a four foot vertical drop to the parking
lot, which featured a pile of steel pipe, presumably for installing
sewer lines for a set of lots nearby.</p>

<p>Then the *real* speed began, when we got to head home on the paved
roadway with wonderfully steep grade.  In my top gear 3-8, I could not
always keep up with my wheels.  So incredibly awesome!!</p>

<p>Had to slow for some 180 degree turns marked with 15 and 20 mph
warning signs but other than that, we just hauled ass downhill.</p>

<p>The gentle switchbacks with suggested speed of 30 mph were easily
navigable (navigatable?)  at our topmost speed.  Hmmm.  Need more
speed somehow.</p>

<p>To the bottom of the hill, flat ground back to his neighborhood
entrance, but then up up up up up in low gear to get back up to his
house.  I wonder how many vertical feet we rode down that hill &
road.</p>
