---
title: Dream
tags: dream
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2002-12-24
---

<p class=date>6:35am PST Tuesday 24 December 2002</p>

<p class=note>(dream)</p>

<p class=dream>With five other men from my men's group, or some men's
group (though Wende may have been one of them) we were in a house that
looked a lot like my dad's house, at least in the ceiling.  We needed
to paint the ceiling white.  With six people, I suggested we either
get into three teams of two or two teams of three, and I knew of a way
for each setup to work.  With three people per team, one person
paints, another person watches for missed spots, and another person
gets the missed spots, plus wipes up spots that shouldn't have been
painted (oh and the second person gets supplies as needed).</p>

<p class=dream>They thought this was a pretty good system, which I had
described while I was painting te ceiling with a broom, which worked
relatively well - long handle, bristles..</p>

<p class=dream>So I went outside to get a ladder to be the third person
and second combined by getting supplies because someone had gotten
paint on the wood paneled support beam at the top of the ceiling.</p>

<p class=dream>I went outside to the back yard and down a hill to get
my dad's extension ladder and first I just picked it up and threw it
down to see where any wasps may be on the thing so I could spray them
merceilessly and kill them (we don't have much compassion for wasps
around my dad's house) (not that anyone is allergic, bt there are just
plenty of wasps living in other places besides the ladder that I need
to use).</p>

<p class=dream>One wasp flew up and I could see a large pile of mud
indicating the location of mud dauber nests, so I went back inside to
get some Raid and a stick to knock off the mud.  (*)</p>

<p class=dream>Inside I found a stick and they were basically waiting
for me to get the ladder, so I ran back outside and used the stick to
spray Raid on the one wasp and it didn't die, but just flew away
before the Raid could get to it.</p>

<p class=dream>I used the stick to knock off the mud nests and most of
them broke off in one big chunk, and hopefully didn't die.</p>

<p class=dream>I tossed the ladder one more time to wake up anything
else there might be living on it, but nothing else moved.</p>

<p class=dream>So I brought the ladder inside and did not have to use
the extension to make it reach the celing with the paint on it.  But
the paint had already mostly dried so I had to use some alcohol
combined with wood colored dye to remove/cover up the white paint on
the wood at the top of the celiing.  (**)</p>

<p>(*) at this point I had actually woken up from my dream, but I just
wrote more in a sleepy state.</p>

<p>(**) at this point I fell asleep again.</p>

