---
title: Dream KTRU
tags: [ "dream" ]
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2002-12-25
---

<p class=date>8:16am PST Wednesday 25 December 2002</p>

<p class=note>(dream)</p>

<p class=dream>It had been a long time since I played anything at
KTRU, but I was going through my CDs and noticed that I had a CD that
KTRU used to have, but no longer had; the case was still there but the
CD was missing.  (This happens more often at KTRU than an honest DJ
might like)</p>

<p class=dream>The particular CD I found was one that I bought a long
time ago at Record Rack; I could tell because the price sticker was
still on the <em>face</em> of the CD instead of the back of the CD, or
even the case where it should be.  Plus the sticker said Record Rack
on it.</p>

<p class=dream>I put the CD on the turntable, which was behind some
bushes across from the elementary school on Decker Prairie-Rosehill
Road near my dad's house.  I chose the left hand turntable, instead of
the right hand one because the left hand one was about 1/2 a block
closer to where I had left my computer plugged in.</p>

<p class=dream>Put the CD in and played it while KTRU was actually
broadcasting a basketball game.  I didn't intend to broadcast it
<em>over</em> the basketball game, but just to preview it in the
studio.</p>

<p class=dream>I went back to looking through CDs while this one was
playing, and I suddenly realized I *might* be accidentally
broadcasting it over the game; I ran up to look and was horrified to
realize that's exactly what I had done.</p>

<p class=dream>I was surprised no one had called during this
apparently rebellious act; I hoped no one had heard it (that no one
was listening to the game), but I knew I must try to explain myself
and get it resolved before Rice Administration found out and tried to
shut down the station again.</p>

<p class=dream>Ran down the escalator out of the shopping mall/school,
wondering to whom I should address the email, and decided to just
write it to the KTRU email list, plus Will Robidee and Johnny So, the
most recent station manager that I knew of.  Summarized the points of
my letter in my mind: 1) that I was replacing a CD KTRU used to have,
2) that I hadn't DJed there in a while so I wasn't an official DJ and
all the blame could therefore be put on me and make a policy that
said, "no unofficial DJs allowed spinning records (which already is a
policy) and 3) that some other DJ had inappropriately left the volume
up and the red button pushed on the turntable input on the board.</p>

<p class=dream>I ran back toward the apartment where I was staying
with Amelia (Springfield) and she was just walking up to the outside
door at the same time.  I used my copy of her key and opened the
outside door, ran up the stairs and couldn't get the right key to open
the inside door, so I threw my keys down in disgust and waited for her
to open the door.  She did and the air conditioner guy was also just
walking in.</p>

<p class=dream>He looked at the thermostat and clicked the reset
button, saying, "there you go; all fixed," for we had been having a
problem with keeping the house warm enough.  I asked him calmly and
patiently what he thought was keeping the reset button needing to be
reset twice in two days (there must be an underlying issue, for which
this was simply a band-aid).  He agreed there must be something else
and would look into it for us.</p>

<p class=dream>While he looked, I stated flatly, "okay, I've
<em>got</em> to write this letter to KTRU" and went back to the desk
and pulled my computer out.  I was thankful that I had apparently
remembered it, but realized that I had forgotten the power supply and
would have to go back and get it.  Fortunately I would not need it
immediately; the battery was fully charged.</p>

<p class=dream>As I prepared to write, I remembered that I hadn't
actually written about the Godfather dream yet, and then realized that
hey this was a dream, and I *did* have the power supply for my
computer, and even better; I hadn't broadcast a song over the
basketball game on KTRU after all.</p>

<p>Ahhhhh.  such relief.</p>
