---
title: Dream Godfather
tags: dream
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2002-12-25
---

<p class=date>8:00am PST Wednesday 25 December 2002</p>

<p class=note>(dream)</p>

<p class=dream>In a futuristic setting, needed to travel by getting
inside a tube that would launch me like through a slide (like on
Jetsons or Futurama) except we sometimes had two way traffic in the
same tube and would have to like suck in a gut or try to squish over
to one side to get past.  I didn't always know which side and one time
I went past a guy who had a candle that he was taking to a birthday
party and the candle blew out as we passed each other.</p>

<p class=dream>The candle was like for a wedding or something and I
felt bad for blowing it out before he got it there.  But I found out a
chance to make it up to him, for the Don, the Godfather of his family
was going to walk by a row of people while holding the candle pointing
it toward us and the one person who could light the candle as he
walked by would get his endless gratitude.</p>

<p class=dream>Endless gratitude from the Godfather seemed pretty good
to me, (plus I wanted to make it up to him) so I got a match and lit
it just as he was about to walk past me.  He was a short guy, really
fat, about the size of the dwarf on Twin towers, but looked more like
an Italian cat than a dwarf with huge beard.</p>

<p class=dream>I didn't get the candle lit.  So close I was as I held
my little birthday candle up to his as he walked by, but no luck; my
candle went out just as he arrived.</p>

<p class=dream>I was totally like, "d'oh!!" and *<em>ran</em>* as fast
as I could around the corner to get back to where my table of friends
sat and hollered "does anyone have a lighter?" and two people pulled
lighters out of their pockets and threw them to me as I ran toward
that table and did a quick stop to run back toward the Godfather.  I
didn't exactly catch both lighters in midair, but I did retrive them
both pretty quickly and ran back to the line just as the Godfather was
finishing the line.  He seemed to not be anywhere, but then I saw him
chillin' against a wall, with his big fur vest on and a big pimp
hat.</p>

<p class=dream>I lit both lighters and walked up to him.  I didn't see
the candle, but he smiled as I approached.</p>

<p class=dream>The candle incident seemed to be forgotten, but he
accepted both lighters and mockingly lit a cigar, an air cigar for it
was a pparent there was no cigar.  He lauged at his own little joke.
At least the Godfather was happy.</p>
