---
title: Brrrr
tags: []
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2002-12-26
---

<p class=date>2:44am PST Thursday 26 December 2002</p>

<p>Super cold cold cold.  Like negative fifty billion degrees..</p>

<p>B b b b b b b bb b bb b b b b b.....</p>

<p>I'm awake now; wind is blowing fast enough to shake Scott; that's
probably what woke me up.</p>

<p>4045 miles driven so far.  Roll out, again.</p>

<p class=date>2:51am</p>

<p>4045.8 miles driven.  Scott's check engine light came on when
driving up the rest of the hill.  I'm pulled over to the side to check
his oil.</p>

<p class=date>3:14am</p>

<p>Well, the good thing is that I've now packed my bike and bike rack
inside Scott.  And when I restarted him the check englne light is
off.  And it didn't start precipitating until I was about done looking
for oil, and it's not too far to the next city.  I didn't find any
extra oil in Scott's trunk.  Silly, Rob.</p>

<p class=date>3:32am</p>

<p>4056 miles traveled.</p>

<p>I sang Scotty a song on the way down the hill which included
something like, "we can make it / I know we will / there'll be a town
/ at the bottom of this hill"   and sure enough, there's a town at the
bottom of the hill.  With a Chevron station open.  I trust they sell
oil.</p>

<p class=date>3:55am</p>

<p>See?  Was that so hard?  Nope.  I talked to Ron, the cashier at the
Chevron, told him about my trek.  He said "that's a trip I'd like to
take someday: just take the 80 all the way across until it ends near
New York, and then come back... don't have to *go* there.." and I
interrupted him, "it's the *trip* that's the adventure.  I have a
journal online..." and gave him my card.  Cool cat.  Thanks Ron, for
being cool, knowledgeable *and* working in the middle of the
night.</p>

<p>- - - -</p>

<p>After I bought two quarts of oil from Ron, I found a quart of oil
under my seat.  Silly silly Rob.</p>

<p class=date>5:25am</p>

<p>Tired.  At a rest stop 4119 miles traveled.  I might sleep.  Might
not.  Probably will.</p>

<p>I did.</p>
