---
title: Driving
tags: []
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2002-12-26
---

<p class=date>8:09am PST Thursday 26 December 2002</p>

<p>4126.5 miles.  Now on 299 headed east between Junction City and
Interstate 5.</p>

<p>Just taking a moment to record light drizzly snow falling, brown
grass visible in patches through the white snow, with oak trees
(maybe) and tall pines (100 feet-ish).  Completely overcast sky with
basically no wind.  Hilly terrain, with lots of twists and turns and
passing lanes uphill and be careful signs downhill.</p>

<p>I've been calling this area indistinguishable from West Virginia,
not that I'm the expert on either area..</p>

<p class=date>9:46am</p>

<p>I'm on I-5 now.  Have been for 15 or 20 minutes maybe.  4194 miles
traveled.  Way overcast, light drizzled drops of water rolling up
Scott's rain-x coated windshield.  129 miles from Sacramento, the
capital of California.</p>

<p>I'm planning to call Sally when I'm next to San Francisco to see if
she can come say HI to me in LA before I jump over to I-40 and head
back east.</p>

<p class=date>9:53am</p>

<p>Wow!!  I just realized that this roadtrip is fulfilling a dream
I've had for a while.  Specifically back in... first year college???
my then penpal Kiera said she was going to take a roadtrip from her
town in Massachusettes down and across the US to Grand Canyon or
something.  She offered to swoop down and pick me up so we could blaze
an adventure together...  It never happened with her, but now I've
done it myself!  Except for the Massachusettes and Grand Canyon part.
Whoohooo!!!  Way to go road trip!!</p>

<p class=date>11:10am</p>

<p>Rest area now.  4287 miles traveled since Dallas.</p>

<p>Um, oh, I remembered that I need to get Sally's stuffed bear back
to her, so I'll be a bit more proactive in getting it returned to her
than just "can you meet me in LA?"</p>

<p>I have a goal of learning "Rabbit Run" by the time I get back to
Dallas.  I think it's one of the most difficult Eminem songs to rap
cause there is no chorus to take a break, and hardly any spots to even
take a breath.  Amazing.  I hope he actually did it and it's not
spliced together.  No matter; I will be able to do it.</p>

<p class=date>11:34am</p>

<p>35 miles from Sacramento now.  Suddenly there is almost no
precipitation.  Just a light coating of fog, or maybe the overcast sky
has landed.</p>

<p class=date>1:11pm</p>

<p>Rest area again.  (Different one.)  This one has temporary
buildings housing the toilets.  And it's one of the most crowded I've
seen on my trek.</p>

<p>4402.9 miles traveled since Dallas.  152904 miles on Scott.</p>

<p class=date>3:01pm</p>

<p>4515 miles.</p>

<p>Suddenly from 70 mph we are now going 20.  200 miles from LA so
(hopefully (haha (eeEEee))) it's not LA traffic.</p>

<p class=date>3:29pm</p>

<p>At a gas station now. (the traffic jam above lasted only 2 miles,
and I could see no apparent reason except maybe drivers were gawking
at people picking fruit in a field and putting it on wagon
things.)</p>

<p>4543.9 miles.</p>
