---
title: Food Fun
tags: []
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2002-12-26
---

<p class=date>4:23pm PST Thursday 26 December 2002</p>

<p>4545 miles traveled.  I've just left an Exxon/Subway/TCBY after
getting gas across the street for 2 cents cheaper per gallon (1.559),
but when I went in to get snacky mcsnacks, they wanted 75 cents for
each of their candy bars, plus they had a crummy selection (No Reese's
Pieces!) so I went across the street to the combo platter food
extravaganza.</p>

<p>Decided to actually take a moment to sit and eat, so I got a
sandwich at Subway, a Veggie Delite.  I thought it was the fake vegi
meat things, but no.  It's just vegetables.  Which sucks for me cause
I only get lettuce and tomatoes.  Bang, got my sandwich and there's
(basically) no protein on it.</p>

<p>Talk to the preparer and she has no clue about these mysterious
veggie patties I'm requesting.  So I talk to a manager type cat who at
the time was working at the TCBY.  He was all, "yeah, those Veggie
Patties didn't sell well enough; I'd buy a case of 36 per week and use
6 in a week and have to throw the rest away."</p>

<p>"Well, I don't want to pay five dollars for lettuce and tomato.."</p>

<p>"What can we do?" he asked, not like, "what can we do to make it
right," but more like, "we are helpless to help you." "You have
already purchased the product; I cannot take it back."</p>

<p>Then "what do you want to do?" (this time with the implicit "to
make it better?")</p>

<p>"Gimme a free ice cream."</p>

<p>This he did without hesitation, though he didn't fill the cup full
enough for me if I had been paying for it outright.  I am surprised at
this; I figure the cup costs more than the ice cream, especially
considering the ice cream will have to be tossed at the end of the
night anyway (soft serve machine)</p>

<p>He went on to explain how I should have inquired as to what was
"Veggie Delite" before ordering it, and that the fault was in my
misconception of the menu, not in their lack of carrying a product.</p>

<p>I can imagine better customer service.</p>

<p>He then said that the giving of ice cream was a good faith gesture,
nothing to do with [correcting my displeasure with] the sandwich.  So
of course I immediately think, <em>well, then what will you give me to
fix the sandwich silliness?</em></p>

<p>Whatever.</p>

<p>No, be nice.  So I gave him my adventure card.  Learned his name:  Raj.</p>

<p>I gotta respect that he's presumably working hard to keep these two
storefronts open.  Good job, Raj.</p>

<p>- - - -</p>

<p>So I ate my lettuce and tomato sandwich (with provolone) then
topped off my DR Pepper and went to get some snacks.  They wanted 79
cents for candy bars!  Four cents more than across the street, which I
was trying to escape in the first place!</p>

<p>So I didn't get any candy at all.  Just 59 cents for Nature Valley
granola bars.</p>

<p class=date>4:41pm</p>

<p>4565 miles traveled.</p>

