---
title: Grand Canyon
tags: 
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2002-12-28
---

<p class=date>6:11am PST Saturday 28 December 2002</p>

<p>I've paid my $20 to see the Grand Canyon.  Sun is not yet over the
horizon, but it's definitely dawn-ish.</p>

<p>I've parked at a little turnout on the south rim road I think.</p>

<p>BRRRRRR!!</p>

<p class=date>7:06am</p>

<p>Wow.  The earth certainly is big compared to me.</p>

<p>I can tell because a point on the earth's equator rotates over 1000
miles per hour with respect to the sun, yet it took fucking forever
for the earth to rotate enough for the sun's photons to directly hit
the lower portion of the canyon walls.</p>

<p>I did a little dance to keep warm for that hour (<em>almost</em>
made it an hour!), humming a medley containing snippets from "Santa
Claus is coming to town" the Navy march song (that Sam Malone
sometimes plays to close his morning show around 9:40am weekdays on
104.1 KRBE in Houston), Ants And Cheese, The Addams Family, and
something else but I can't remember.</p>

<p>Watching the sun rise over the Grand Canyon was pretty cool.  Like
a small light had been flipped on when I first noted a tiny bit of
rock shown more brightly than its comrades.  Like a great idea, the
brightness crept down the striations, always saturating along a
careful horizontal line, like a painting unveiled from the top.</p>

<p class=date>7:37am</p>

<p>Okay.  My plan is to continue along 64 on the south side of the
canyon and then take 89 south to Flagstaff, to my next planned Kinko's
location.  There are patches of ice on 64 here, even in the
well-touristed area right beside the canyon, so I'm wondering how much
ice I'll encounter on 89, which is some ways away from the canyon.</p>

<p>5363 miles since Dallas.</p>

<p>Surrounded by juniper and leafless oaks, none more than 30 feet
tall.  Snow covers the ground - about 6 inches average.  Road is rough
asphalt, undivided, 1 lane each direction, spotted with occasional icy
spots.</p>

<p class=date>8:34am</p>

<p>Just visited the Tusayan Museum and Ruins.  The museum is small,
holds some artifacts left behind by some old school cats.  The ruins
are estimated 800 years old, as discerned by noting the pattern of
ring growth in the juniper.</p>

<p>5383.8 miles traveled.</p>

<p class=date>8:38am</p>

<p>Stopped at another outlook .25 miles away.  There's a recycling bin
here, so I grabbed my plastic bottles to recycle.  The gallon water
jug is like a balloon!  Totally inflated as it was sealed at sea
level, and now it's at 7000 feet.  Wow!</p>

<p>Oh, by the way, I'm at the Grand Canyon, but this inflated carton
is really neat!</p>

<p class=date>9:30am</p>

<p>Wow!!  I just met Moritza, who appeared to be traveling alone, so I
asked her, "are you traveling alone?"  "Yes."  "Cool; me too."  "Where
are you from?"  "Houston."  "Really?"</p>

<p>She's a CPA and loves to travel; has been to Italy, Egypt, Japan,
and probably some other places as well.</p>

<p>She inspired me that i'm on the right track; travel travel travel.
Meet people.  Get into adventures.</p>

<p>I definitely gave her my adventure card.</p>

<p>5385.9 miles traveled.</p>
<p>We met while poring over the Hance Rapids sign at Lipan point off
64 on the south side of GC</p>

