---
title: Leaving Grand Canyon
tags: []
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2002-12-28
---

<p class=date>10:07am PST Saturday 28 December 2002</p>

<p>I'm driving across a huge leopard of snow and little spots of grass
growing up through it.  Completely overcast now; I don't know if it's
my lower elevation, or maybe I'm on a different side of a mountain
now; really that's the same thing.</p>

<p>Passed lots of Navaho Jewelry markets, little flea market lookin'
places with old painted signs and weathered plywood structures to vend
their wares.</p>

<p>I didn't stop.</p>

<p>I'm settled in for the drive to Flagstaff, where I'll stop at
Kinko's and upload all this stuff.</p>

<p class=date>10:56am</p>

<p>Crested a pass at 7276 feet, and then turned off the highway to a
road that climbed up into the forest and to the top of this mountain,
where I passed a small sign saying "hard hat area" blah blah but I
pretended not to see it and then passed some family with sleds playing
around in the snow.</p>

<p>Now I'm parked in this gravel quary with big scoopers and conveyer
belts and piles of gravel, all sprinkled or covered in snow.  No other
people seem to be here.</p>

<p>I'm going to go walk around.</p>

<p class=date>11:45am</p>

<p>Wow.  That was more or less fun.  There were other people there; a
girl sledding down a small portion of the snow covered gravel, and a
trailer with a minivan parked in front of it.</p>

<p>I walked around anyway, and <em>forgot my camera!!!</em> so I
couldn't take a digital picture of the sharp contrast between virgin
snow and brilliant blue sky.</p>

<p>While I tried to call Bibby's, a guy came up the hill from the
other direction.  "This is private property" and all that.</p>

<p>I apologized profusely and thanked him for looking after me.</p>

<p>They were mining pumice he said, but now they are piling the dirt
back into the mine because they're done, I guess.</p>

<p>I drove out, found the gate locked, presumed I had gone to the
wrong gate, but hadn't checked it.  Even if it wasn't locked, it might
be that I'm going <em>further</em> into private property, so I turned
around, followed the left hand edge of the road and ended up back at
the minivan and trailer.  That had to be the gate.  Went back, opened
it, closed it, wondered why Sam hadn't told me he had closed it, then
realized that the other family must have closed it on their way out,
for they were no longer at the hill.</p>

<p>So that means Sam thinks that *I* specifically opened the gate and
then claimed to not know it was private property.  Ahh well.</p>

