---
title: AM disc at park
tags: 
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2002-12-31
---

<p class=date>1:09pm CST Tuesday 31 December 2002</p>

<p>Once all the kittens started waking up, starting with Meg or maybe
Hillary and finishing with Amelia, we all went down to the park to
play disc and chill (leaving Colleen behind; she didn't want to get up
yet).  At the park, Tanner, Paul, Amelia and I tossed discs around for
a while, and the others sat and chilled in the sun talking or swinging
on the swings.</p>

<p>The wind blew the discs everywhere; really funny when Tanner and
then Amelia each tried to throw into the wind and the disc was blown
rolling right back to them.</p>

<p>Played follow the leader with Tanner as leader and Paul behind me
on the playground equipment, and ended up with Tanner swinging and me
on his lap to win the game.</p>

<p>Later I was able to stand on the swing and pull myself up onto the
top of the swingset.</p>

<p>Tanner and Paul threw some discs to me, some of which I was able to
catch while standing up there.  I lost my balance while walking across
and had to jump down.  That's the first time that's happened in a
while...</p>

<p>Later I was able to switch from swing to swing basically while
seated and then (after one missed attempt) climb up the swingset pole
to the top of the swingset.</p>

<p>Janette and Colleen joined us after a while; I swang beside Colleen
and played bumper swings with her a bit.</p>

<p>But the coolest thing of all: Paul swinging and Tanner jumping onto
his back grabbing the chains and was able to hang on for a couple of
oscillations.  Quite amazing!  I don't know if anyone got a picture of
it, but there were a few cameras there (Celeste, Joan, Meg, me)</p>

<p>When Tanner, Paul and I started playing hackey sack, everyone else
left.</p>

<p>Paul did some pretty phat tricks, and was all modest about his
skillz.  He was all "I wonder if you can hit it with the sole of your
foot..." and withing 2 minutes he did it, getting 4 hits in a row on
the sole of his shoe.</p>

<p>We considered making a hackey sack movie, including elements from
The Matrix and West Side Story-esque street fighting but with hackey
sacks.  One scene would show the top of some cat walking all weird,
and then the camera pans down to see he's walking and hacking at the
same time.  Another scene has a guy juggling three sacks with his
feet.  Another includes a slow motion of someone really eating it to
dive for the sack.  Another has the sack like 90 feet in the air,
coming down and one cat goes to kick for it and just kicks the dirt
hard and knocks dirt into the eyes of all 30 people in the circle.
Then we cut to a scene of Bryn at SWUUSI, "and you can't kick dirt!"
Oh, and another scene shows a guy in a chicken outfit, pimping his
restaurant, wearing a signboard thing, seeing us, then coming over to
play and showing us all up by kicking all the phat moves while wearing
the chicken outfit.  Beak stalls, toe stalls on each successive toe
(big chicken feet), tailfeather stalls.. everything.</p>

<p>A mom and two kids came to the swings and the littler kid somehow
fell off the swing and started crying.  The some kids came with an
equally little kid and somehow one of the kids ended up falling on top
of the little kid, causing him to cry.</p>

<p>"Is it time for us to go?"</p>

<p>"Yeah."</p>
