---
title: Happy New Year
tags: []
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2002-12-31
---

<p class=date>new year's preparations</p>

<p><a href="/images/art/photography/meg_hair.jpg"><img src="/images/art/photography/thumbs/meg_hair.jpg"></a></p>

<p class=date>3:21am CST Wednesday 1 January 2003</p>

<p>Happy Happy Joy Joy.</p>

<p>Tons of fun; tons of people.</p>

<p>Got to get to know Natalie from Little Cypress (near Orange) better.</p>

<p>Got to help Asha burn a CD.</p>

<p>Got to run back from the lake with Jackie, and get to know her better.</p>

<p>Got to chat with Laura Caddell who came by after the magic hour.
So honored that she said, "it was a very pleasant surprise to see you
here."</p>

<p>Didn't call Wende, Sally, Dude, Veronica around their midnight on
the west side.  Still love them.</p>

<p>Read some of my old journal entries from February 2001.  Amazing.</p>

<p>Got to go to bed now.  So tired.</p>

<p class=date>11:41am CST Wednesday 1 January 2003</p>

<p>About last night:</p>

<p>~) So awesome to have such a tight community, resulting from years of
YRUU events together.  Such awesome random funniness, with everyone
being respectful and friendly and funny and silly, without anyone
having to suggest "rules" for the event.</p>

<p>!) Similar to my style at rallies, I tried to seek out those who
didn't seem really involved in the conversations.  Like Natalie.
After a while, Jack came by, and I was all, "Jack, how do I get her
talking?" and he said, "she'll talk about how much she hates The
Academy," to which Natalie was all, "I don't want to talk about school
during break."  I actually already knew she didn't want to talk about
it; I had tried querying her on it.</p>

<p>@) Lots of chilling and dancing before midnight, but I'm not
remembering specifics.</p>

<p>#) Asha went through my mp3 and chose some to burn on CD.  She was
quite excited to have the CD finished right <em>now!</em></p>

<p>$) After midnight a group of us went to the lake.  Asha was
piggyback on me for a bit cause her foot was cramping or breaking
through blisters. (she ended up breaking through the back of her foot)
At the lake, I was freezing, but stood in Tadasana to relax my blood
into warming through me.</p>

<p>%) Meg & Paul walked over to the mysterious covered pool things by
the lake and I followed them cause I've wanted to know what the pools
were for.  I'm all, "what are these pools for?"  and they were all,
"boats" which was obvious for they were perfectly obviously for boats.
"but over here, there are little wall things blocking the entrance.."
We examined the situation there and could never decide why they had
been blocked.  Someone guessed maybe these boat dock things were
unusable, but then why would both sides be blocked (the lake side and
the land side)?</p>

<p>^) Paul had the great idea or desire to leap across the water,
which was actually a bad idea because the water was freezing and if we
fell in, we'd be soaked for a mile+ walk back to the house in cold
wind situation.  I used the window ledge to step a huge step across
the water, and made it okay to the 10 inch wide section of concrete,
then leaped the four or five feet to the wide section of concrete with
no problem.  On the way back to the small section, using the window as
support, I lost my balance and my toe slid through the water, so I
tossed myself through the window to the land side, walked smiling back
through the door, "<em>almost</em> fell in!"</p>

<p>&) Jackie had asked if I would run back with her, which would help
us stay warm and get out of the cold air more quickly, which I was all
"awesome, but I reserve the right to wuss out before we get there."
We ran about 3/4 mile I'm guessing before we had to stop.  Great
conversation with her, talking about her future plans and intentions
and queries about what she'll really end up doing.  Me offering
anecdotes to prove that basically she can switch later if she chooses,
and that I have a lot of the same questions.</p>

<p>*) Back at the house we discovered Laura Caddell had arrived and I
chatted with her basically until I was falling asleep in the chair
(which wasn't very long).</p>
