---
title: first meetings
tags: []
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2003-06-03
---

<p class=date>1:07pm JST Wednesday 4 June 2003</p>

<p>Last night I met with two new students. First was Å”Å› who I met in
ÇµÅ‘Å‚ by ÅÕÇøÇ±.  ÇµÅ‘Å‚ is pretty nutty.  Quite a diverse array
of styles and people.  Saw a young woman who was new to smoking
cigarettes.  She simultaneously looked nervous and like she was trying
to be cool.  Little tiny puffs she would take and blow them out
consciously.  And she would look down at it before she ashed, and when
she flicked it, the motion wasn't natural.  She crushed it out when it
was 2/3rds smoked, and then lit another 2 minutes later.</p>

<p>Another woman in cut-off shorts, heels, and a baggy shirt, with
long beige-blonde hair would approach people (all women, it seemed)
with a piece of paper or something.  She would quickly be dismissed
and then act like she didn't care, and size up the crowd before she
approached another.</p>

<p>Saw a huge video advertising <a
href="http://www.chiwawaworld.com/">www.chiwawaworld.com</a>, with
little cartoon chiuahuas with halos wildly driving race cars and
dying, or not dying, but wrecking a lot.</p>

<p>Two young men crouched hiding behind ÅÕÇøÇ± after they saw their
friend approaching.  He saw them and they acted like they hadn't been
hiding at all.</p>

<p>A woman walked up to me (wearing normal clothes) so I figured it
must be Å”Å›.  Yes.  Got a little bit lost walking around the station
to Starbucks (Å†Å‚Ç» had taken me through little hallways
<em>through</em> the station, and I knew better than to even attempt
that).  Å”Å› confirmed the whereabouts of the Ç∆ÇÊÅ≠ line, and I was
reoriented.</p>

<p>She expressed nervousness since she's not fluent in English and I
was all, "oh no worries; don't be nervous" etc which I hope helped
some.</p>

<p>Once we got to the Starbucks, she bought me a hot chocolate (yay!)
then we talk talk talked.  In Nova, she'd be about a level 7B, I
think.  My homework is to find a textbook for her to use.  Her
homework is to find a new location for us to meet.</p>

<p>She wants to meet for two hours each week for 5000 yen per week.  I
hope to help her exceed her expectations.</p>

<p>Commuter Express train to Ç´Å≠Ç» and arrived just three minutes
ahead of 8pm to meet ÇµÇÒ.  He's Korean, and about level 6 on Nova's
scale.  He wants more business English than Å”Å›.  He bought me dinner
at Jonathan's (a chain restaurant hybrid Denny's and Biraporettis
(sp?)).  He wants 1 hour per week at 2500 yen plus buying my dinner.
Awesome.</p>

<p>My homework is to to write some business-useful sentences and find
a restaurant for our meetings.  Jonathan's was too loud.</p>
