---
title: fred stories
tags: 
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2003-06-04
---

<p class=date>3:43pm JST Wednesday 4 June 2003</p>

<p>Fred told some stories at OKC rally talent show.  I didn't remember
two of them, so he reminded me.</p>

<pre>
We made our first contract on the way to Canada while waiting at the
service station for the rabbit to get fixed.  (I don't think I ever
knew what was wrong.)  I kept getting upset that you were calling me
names, so we agreed that if one of us called the other a name, the
punishment was getting hit.  Seemed fair, the contract was solid, and
we signed.  The ink wasn't even dry before you started taunting me.
It took about twenty seconds for me to call you a name.  Within three
minutes, you'd hit me three or four times, I had shredded the
contract, and proceeded to pummel you.  Ah, the difference four years
can make.  

The rowboat thing goes like so: for some reason, about four or five of
us were standing on the dock looking at a rowboat.  I got in, probably
at the collective agreement that rowboats were cool.  I never intended
to go anywhere--I was just sitting in it.  Someone (I think it was
you) untied the boat, which proceeded to float away.  I started to get
scared, and yelled for you to go get Mom so she could rescue me.  As I
was floating slowly away (I was 20 or 30 feet from the dock), you told
me how to row myself back in.  "Face backwards," you said.  Just use
the oars.  Face backwards, I thought.  That's fucked up.  That's just
about fucked up enough to be right.  I mean, you just can't make up
that kind of shit.  Even if it isn't, I can just turn around to fix
it.  And if I'm crooked, I can just flail about with one oar to get
pointed the right way again.  That dock's not that far away.  I can do
this, I thought.  I took a deep breath.  "MMOOOOOOOOOM!"
</pre>

<p>I don't remember the first one at all.  I kinda remember the
rowboat thing.</p>
