---
title: Mood swing
tags: []
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2003-06-08
---

<p class=date>8:02am JST Sunday 8 June 2003</p>

<p>Woke up without an alarm.  Easily on time for anything.  Nice.
Easy livin' in Japan.</p>

<p>Hmm.  I wonder if Rie will get my message via email and call me.  I
wonder if I can look up her grandparents in Kikuna.  I'll talk to Koko
about that.  I wonder if Rie's Houston peeps have her number here.  No
time like right now.  Wake up.  Call them.  Find out.</p>

<p>Left an apologetic message.  So sorry to bother you again this is
Rob in Japan and the last time I gave you my wrong phone number um if
you have rie's number in Japan, please (fuck this message is going all
wrong) um, call her or call me um, my number is zero eight zero three
two zero nine zero six seven eight I can't believe I'm asking you to
call Japan I'm so sorry.  Thank you, .. bye.</p>

<p>doh.  Sit.  Pout.  Release.  Get over it.  Nothing to be done.</p>

<p>Shower as long as I want. Scrubby scrubby.  Wash wash.  Shavey
Mcshave.  Rinse-o dry-o done.</p>

<p>Bedroom.  Get dressed.  I wonder if I can buy short sleeve shirts
here.  I think I saw Steve wearing one.  If he can wear one, I can
wear one.</p>

<p>Got everything:  tie, wallet, keys, calendar, phone, dictionary,
clock, jacket.  (computer and backpack are a given)</p>

<p>Outside.  Nice day.  Cool air.  No rain.</p>

<p>Ride bike. Low traffic on Sunday.  There's a man standing ankle
deep in mud near the river.  His sandals are to one side of the mud
puddle.  Got a picture.</p>

<p>Got my favorite spot in bike parking.</p>

<p>Wait a bit for train.  Don't fight for a seat.  Stand.  Patience.
Tadasana.  Next station.  Wait for train.  Stand.  Patience.
Tadasana.</p>

<p>This is boring.  I think the only reason I sound excited about
being in Japan is cause of the *idea* of Japan.  This shit is fucking
boring!  I fucking hate Japan.  No one reacts to anything; emotions
are all kept in check.   This is what Chez was talking about - all
these motherfuckers are just automatons, expressionless cyborgs with
no apparent meaning in life.   Wtf is going on here, and *why*??</p>

<p>What am I not getting here?  Is this what Benny unconsciously
fights with his humor?  Am I embracing the culture?  Can I go home
now?  Will you all wake up?  What's a guy gotta do to get some
attention over here?</p>

<p>Okay, yeah I know that, but what about some positive attention?</p>

<p>And why are all these people smoking?????</p>
