---
title: AM bicycle
tags: 
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2003-06-09
---

<p class=date>6:31am JST Monday 9 June 2003</p>

<p>I've discovered two new places in Japan.  One is a grove of trees
just up a surprising hill near Tsunashima station.  At 4:30am I set
out.  Up the hill then down another side I found myself near the ARROW
8 pachinko parlor on the main drag crossing my train line at
Tsunashima station.  Back up the hill and wound my way through the
narrow sidewalks between the houses which cap the hill.  The homes
appear expensive, with more traditional Japanese architecture, sturdy
modern fencing and cameras monitoring the gates.</p>

<p>Trekked carefully into the grove of trees.  A gate type thing
seemed to dissuade bicycles, so I parked near a phone booth at the
entrance.  Ascended the steep incline into the forest in a thankful
peaceful meditative state.</p>

<p>Found a tall roof over some benches.  Sad to see litter littering
the ground all around it.</p>

<p>Don't these people know that Japan is very meticulous?</p>

<p>Guess not.</p>

<p>Down the hill and found a pool that has been closed since November.
It doesn't plan to greet visitors anytime soon, I imagine.  The water
is mucky brown, weeds emerge through the sidewalk.  I can't read the
sign to confirm.  (But I can read the month and date)</p>

<p>Joyful shouting voices erupted every couple minutes, either playing
a game or some barbaric drunken party.  I followed the path toward
them and discovered a soccer game underway.  I didn't approach them; I
can come up with at least ten excuses to cover my fear of the
unknown.</p>

<p>If they had been playing disc I almost certainly would have
joined.  Maybe I'll bring a disc to the field sometime.</p>

<p>Headed back.  Found the public restroom doesn't concern itself with
a doglegged entrance to hide the inside.  There were doors on the
squat-over-a-hole (*) style stalls, but the urinals were in plain
view.</p>

<p>Public restroom location noted.  These can be handy in potty
emergencies. (animaniacs)</p>

<p>(*) To be clear, this hole is not just a hole in the ground, but a
stainless steel sink like thing.  On the ground.  Squat to pee slash
poo slash wipe then step on the handle to flush.</p>

<p>- - - -</p>

<p>Grabbed food at Lawson's, pooed in our apartment's western style
facilities (while reading about the "Great Wall of China" which turns
out to be a network of walls built over many dynasties, and not like
one huge seam across the country), then rode along the river to
Yokohama.</p>

<p>Now I'm at the second place I discovered today.  A white bridge
structurally like the arches over southwest freeway, but shaped like a
triangle, spans the small bayou next to me.  (I wonder what this size
of waterway is called here).  Oh hey a cat is snoopin' around along
the side.  And I do mean feline.  White legs and stomach and
gray/black spotted back.  S/he seems to have found a little meal in
the grass there.</p>

<p>I finished chowing (if one can chow tofu) and I'll ride somewhere
now.</p>

<p>I've been going downwind, so my trek back will be longer (and
colder (today is overcast and maybe 68 degrees)) so I may just go back
home and snuggle up in bed.</p>
