---
title: Matrix reloaded
tags: []
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2003-06-11
---

<p class=date>12:59pm JST Wednesday 11 June 2003</p>

<p>THIS ENTRY WILL GIVE AWAY DETAILS ABOUT THE MATRIX RELOADED</p>

<p>THIS ENTRY WILL GIVE AWAY DETAILS ABOUT THE MATRIX RELOADED</p>

<p>THIS ENTRY WILL GIVE AWAY DETAILS ABOUT THE MATRIX RELOADED</p>

<p>THIS ENTRY WILL GIVE AWAY DETAILS ABOUT THE MATRIX RELOADED</p>

<p>THIS ENTRY WILL GIVE AWAY DETAILS ABOUT THE MATRIX RELOADED</p>

<p>THIS ENTRY WILL GIVE AWAY DETAILS ABOUT THE MATRIX RELOADED</p>

<p>THIS ENTRY WILL GIVE AWAY DETAILS ABOUT THE MATRIX RELOADED</p>

<p>THIS ENTRY WILL GIVE AWAY DETAILS ABOUT THE MATRIX RELOADED</p>

<p>THIS ENTRY WILL GIVE AWAY DETAILS ABOUT THE MATRIX RELOADED</p>

<p>THIS ENTRY WILL GIVE AWAY DETAILS ABOUT THE MATRIX RELOADED</p>

<p>While talking to Koko today, she mentioned that one can purchase
Morpheus glasses for 5000 yen at her theater.  Then she mentioned that
one can buy Morpheus, Trinity, Neo, or Twins glasses.</p>

<p>Twins??</p>

<p>Ack!  Say no more!!!!!</p>

<p>But it was too late.  I haven't seen the movie, but now I have
heard there may be twins in the movie.  D'oh!!!  Oh well.  It's cool.
I hope the twins' existance is not a surprising plot revelation at the
end of the movie.  Sigh.  'sall good.</p>

<p class=date>10:49pm</p>

<p>Okay.  I've seen the movie.   Wow.   My favorite scene was the two
trucks colliding.  Not very likely for a body to survive such an
experience, or for the trucks to perfectly crumple like that, but it
was definitely an amazing crash.</p>

<p>Neo fighting all those Agent Smiths in the city park area was
funny.  'specially when he whirled around on his staff and kicked them
all in series.</p>

<p>I love the gathering of energy when he does his superman thing.
That warping of the matrix is fly.</p>

<p>The creator?  Who was he?  Colonel Sanders?  I forget his title in
the movie.  His soliloquy epitomized the ... unnecessary wordiness of
the movie.  Starting with the oracle, oh - barely starting with
Morpheus addressing the crowd.  (*I* should have been in on that
barefoot wild dancing party!)  Then someone else, oh that French cat.
And I totally noticed that his pretty wallflower wasn't saying
anything, so it highly pleased me when she took on her own persona.
That fighting scene with all the tridents, knives, stakes, etc was
wild, but a little over the top - just too much.  Classy that Neo
didn't pin her to the wall through her arm, but only around the
wrist.</p>

<p>What was the line in the elevator?  When Neo and Trinity are about
to get it on in the elevator and he goes "are you thinking what I'm
thinking?"  and she's like, "yeah, if you're thinking this elevator is
too slow.."  ???  What?  More like too fast cause they didn't have
time to do it.  Why would she have wanted it to be faster?</p>

<p>The car chase scene crushed all other car chase scenes.   But yeah
right their car would still drive through all that and they weren't
reduced to bloody carcasses while driving.  That white ghost twin shot
the fuck outta their car.  And the agents, too.</p>

<p>But it was a cool scene.   I *LOVED* when Trinity drove backwards
through the traffic, and the camera zooming under the cars after her
was sweet.   Did you notice the same right hand exit being used a
couple times?  Musta been only one.   I *heard* they actually built
that highway for the movie.  *that* is amazing.</p>

<p class=date>12:42pm JST Thursday 12 June 2003</p>

<p>There are times when I just want to
(&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;) and I can't.  I don't have a
word for this thing I cannot do, but (!), I just realized that this
action is perfectly depicted in The Matrix.  "He's doing that superman
thing."</p>

<p>*I* want to do that Neo thing, where he crouches down, flexes his
mind and <em>warps</em> the universe then *EXPLODES* into flight.
*THAT* is fucking cool.</p>

<p>I'm going to call this action neo.  Or maybe doing a neo.</p>

<p class=date>12:10pm JST Friday 13 June 2003</p>

<p>Who who was that guy trying to kill Neo?  That cat who cut his own
hand and then tried to be all, "oh yeah, um, catch you later," when he
almost got caught.  I don't remember seeing him before or after that.
But I tend to unnotice brief male characters.</p>

<p>And at the very end, who was that other cat (in perfect comic book
fashion) presented upside down next to Neo?  An evil Neo twin?   Were
they twin-ish?  Very interesting.</p>

<p>My butt was getting sore by that point in the movie, so I'm glad it
ended, but now I'm like "Hh hh hh hh hh!"</p>

<p>THE ENTRY ABOVE GIVES AWAY DETAILS OF THE MATRIX RELOADED</p>

<p>THE ENTRY ABOVE GIVES AWAY DETAILS OF THE MATRIX RELOADED</p>

<p>THE ENTRY ABOVE GIVES AWAY DETAILS OF THE MATRIX RELOADED</p>

<p>THE ENTRY ABOVE GIVES AWAY DETAILS OF THE MATRIX RELOADED</p>

<p>THE ENTRY ABOVE GIVES AWAY DETAILS OF THE MATRIX RELOADED</p>

<p>THE ENTRY ABOVE GIVES AWAY DETAILS OF THE MATRIX RELOADED</p>

<p>THE ENTRY ABOVE GIVES AWAY DETAILS OF THE MATRIX RELOADED</p>

<p>THE ENTRY ABOVE GIVES AWAY DETAILS OF THE MATRIX RELOADED</p>

<p>THE ENTRY ABOVE GIVES AWAY DETAILS OF THE MATRIX RELOADED</p>

###comments

<p><b>Name:</b> janette

<p><b>Email:</b> dreamon412@ *redacted*

<p><b>Subject:</b> infiltrator

<p><b>Comment:</b>
<br>i've only seen the movie once but, i think the bad guy  was sucked into the phone at the beginning of the movie after he was cloned into an agent. so he is an infiltrator.  then at the end- he is the guy on the table next to neo<br>
  i want to see it again- on the big screen.  maybe tonite.<br>
 <br>
colonel sanders! EXACTLY! hahaha you are so funny

