---
title: Work
tags: []
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2003-06-14
---

<p class=date>5:13am JST Sunday 15 June 2003</p>

<p>I've been awake since 4:45 or so thinking about work yesterday.
Two things seem particularly noteworthy.</p>

<p>(one) kid, named Shigeshi (I think) is about 10 years old.  He
lived in the US for four years, and definitely can do any of the Kids'
Modules we have at Nova.</p>

<p>His mother has therefore asked us to have him work from a more
difficult book.  Cory told me yesterday that we needed to push him to
do the work from that book; otherwise his mom will be upset, etc.</p>

<p>So I'm kickin' it with this kid, fuckin' around with him as a
warm-up, asking where he's from, and telling him he's from all the
wrong places, "you're not from Japan, you're from Canada."  "No you
are from Canada!"  and have him identify Canada on a world map, and
Mexico and some geography that most American kids his age couldn't do
and he's all warmed up and happy and I'm like aight, crack out yer
book....</p>

<p>Nova is not an English Conversation School.  It's a business.  And,
from what I can tell, most businesses in Japan will do *ANYTHING* to
acquire and retain customers.  (*That* is (at least part of the
reason) why a store clerk will <em>run</em> to the counter to ring up
my purchase. (maybe s/he was restocking shelves as I shopped, begging
my pardon if s/he got in my way of anything, then when I headed toward
the counter, *bang* s/he was there for me.))</p>

<p>Nova, at the detriment of its ability to help students most
effectively, will level up students who say they won't buy any more
lessons unless they are leveled up.  We've got some students who are
officially in level 4, but who have a level 6 ability.</p>

<p>(( not that one's ability in a language can *possibly* be described
with a single variable (level), but there is often a correlation
between different aspects of language speaking ability across several
different variables (speed, precision "I pretty cat", vocabulary "I
gorgeous feline", structure "pretty am I cat") so it kinda makes sense
to clump these variables into one. ))</p>

<p>Nova, at the request of a parent, will use a different text for a
man to man kids lesson.  Done correctly, this could be a Very Good
Thing for the kid.  Might even be Fantastic.   Done with a book that
is *far* too difficult for even a native speaker of that age, it's a
Very Unhelpful Thing.</p>

<p>.... Shigeshi's energy plummeted.  He tried to avoid the pain by
pulling out the wrong book first.  (I didn't know I was being tricked;
I didn't know what book the mother had specified.  When he couldn't
tell me which lesson he was supposed to do in this imposter book, I
said, "what lesson does your mom want you to do?" and the real book
came out.)  Had Cory not said anything like "push him to do it," I
woulda been all, wtf?  this book is way too difficult.</p>

<p>I'm realizing this now, imagining that *I* could explain to the mom
that the book is way too hard.  The vocabulary was in the high school
reading level for native speakers! and this cat is non-native,
non-high school...  And he's being forced (at his great detriment
(energy plummet proves it to me)) to choke on this horse pill of
vocabulary and grammatical gymnastics just because the mom is paying
us to choke him!</p>

<p>Argh.  And that's the first thing that was keeping me up.</p>

<p>- - - -</p>

<p>(four) level 6 adult students (I hate teaching 4 at a time
(actually it's not that I hate it, but.. yeah it is.) cause I can't
(yet?) cater a lesson to four different personalities, four different
abilities (multiple dimensions included), and then realistically
evaluate the students' performance in different areas.. the shit is
ridiculous.) were talking about travel with me, and using language
like</p>

<pre>
"Where did you go last week?"

"I went to Switzerland."

"What did you do there?"

"I went there go shopping."
</pre>

<p>And I'm like "Stop the Presses!" and changed it to "I shopped" but
couldn't give them a simple reason why, nor a technique to produce the
correct answer in the future.</p>

<p>This morning I figured out what I could have said to them.</p>

<p>"Start with "I." Look at the word after "you."  Transform that and
put the result after "I."  Now memorize what the W-question words are
asking and put the answer after whatever you put after the transformed
result."</p>

<p>Okay, were I talking to a really smart computer, that might make
sense, but I know what I mean, and I could have given them examples
and it woulda been great.  It is great.</p>

<p>Enough about work.  I'm tired again.  To sleep or not to sleep.</p>

<p>- - - -</p>

<p class=date>6:08am</p>

<p>Wait there's more.  I have a great deal of respect for Cory, and he
agreed that the book is too hard for Shigeshi.  So why does Cory seem
powerless to do the right thing (which I judge to be get the mom to
get the kid a more appropriate book)?  He said the staff has talked to
the mom, etc....  There must be some way to get it across.  Unless
she's just wiggidy wack crazed in the head, which means there is a
whole set of different issues to remedy.</p>

