---
title: Work
tags: []
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2003-06-15
---

<p class=date>6:03pm JST Sunday 15 June 2003</p>

<p>Work was okay at first and then turned yucky after teaching a kid
who climbed all over me and yelled and was generally crazy.  I might
have emerged without a headache if I hadn't concerned myself with
keeping him from writing on me with a whiteboard marker, or fucking up
my tie or whatever.</p>

<p>Might also have been better had I not emerged on the bell that
<em>started</em> the <b><em>next</em></b> class, as opposed to ended
the class period we were in.  So I had less than no time left to get
to my next class, much less plan a lesson.</p>

<p>Scott's ears perked up after the next class when Guy was all, "do
you have your last classes files?" and I'm like, "no; I never found
them."</p>

<p>Scott asked me later if everything was okay (doing his good AT-ly
duty) and I told him no and didn't go into details about how hungry I
felt (feel) and homesick I am.  Just told him about being late after
the kids class.</p>

<p>The next class </p>

<p>Man, I'm like dizzy almost, and it's not like I didn't eat today
cause I did.  And not just junk.  Lemme think; I had rice + eggs +
sausage + Pocari Sweat drink this morning and rice + some yellow
textured protein + some brown textured protein + some more Pocari
Sweat for lunch.  And some custard pastry things.</p>

<p>The next class lesson I chose was one I had successfully presented
some times before, so it was okay.  Then my level 4 was poopy cause
the mofos wouldn't talk, and then thankfully blah blah blah</p>

<p>After work I took a million years to finish writing some BS in the
files I had left over.  I did a superficial search for some I couldn't
find, but didn't worry when I couldn't find them.</p>

<p>Outside, I saw a student who seemed to have worse English outside
than in school, but he got across to me an invitation to drink with
him and some of the students, etc.  I was all, "no," though I was
torn, but as I sit here, I'm so glad I said no.  I'm WAY tired, and it
would have been a bad scene for me had I tried to be perky funny happy
Rob with them.</p>
