---
title: Dream
tags: dream
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2003-06-16
---

<p class=date>4:23am JST Monday 16 June 2003</p>

<p class=dream>During Thanksgiving Holiday, Mark Holt was cooking a
tremendous meal,but he added some kind of rubber to the nodles, like
he cooked in some fishing lure rubber to see what would happen.  The
result was less than optimal; he had to cook some new noodles because
the rubber melted and mage a huge mess of the original noodles.</p>

<p class=dream>My dad drove Fred and I to New York to meet up one of
Fred's friends that dad and I had never met, but we had heard of from
Fred's stories.  Like the story of the cat who could only come into
the three adjacent laundry rooms, but not the rest of the house.  Or
the son who was a talented video game player and aspiring musician,
but not willing to go to school for either.</p>

<p class=dream>I met the mom first, and shook her hand.  She was
showing me</p>

<p class=dream>Oh I met the son first and shook his hand, and then he
left and the mom was showing me which three rooms the cat was allowed
to vsit, and I was like, "I've heard of this cat!" to kinda bless her
family with a little bit of fame or notoriety, and her story got
sidetracked because the three rooms were actually rather large and
somewhat confusing for me to understand which three rooms were
allowed; and by room did she mean this entire house that was the size
of a room in the other house?</p>

<p class=dream>We ended up outside by the clothes lines and a cat was
sitting on top of the clothes line and I climbed up on the picnic
table to say HI to the cat and the cat actually smiled at me which
seemed rather surprising since cats seem pretty reserved, but this cat
smiled and then I was petting it and it bit the crap out of my thumb
and drew a bit of blood.  I was glad to realzed it was only a dream,
but my thumb still hurt.</p>

<p class=dream>I sang an impromptu song with the woman, about how I
slept all the way to New York, and it only took five hours, but seemed
even shorter than that cause my dad drove the whole way.  She was
pretty impressed with my song.  It went rather crude at the end
something about my dad was tired so he's going to bed and while he's
asleep give me head or something and I'm like whoah I didn't think I
should sing such lyrics in front of someone I just met but oh
well.</p>
