---
title: Early
tags: []
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2003-06-16
---

<p class=date>6:28am JST Monday 16 June 2003</p>

<p>I'm in the cafe now, about to fuck around with my site a bit, first
to encapsulate the days old calculation code and then to call it via
some perl command that I can use with .shtml files or .pl files.  This
is a risky venture since I haven't done any flowcharting or rough
drafting; I could just be wasting a bunch of time, which is rather
foolish considering I'm paying by the hour, but it's what I wanna do
right about now.</p>

<p class=date>7:18am</p>

<p>All that stuff about working on my website....  cancel that.  I had
downloaded a security update, rebooted my computer, and it wouldn't
come back up.  Just beeped four times, and the sleep light was on,
then flashed off five times consecutively, which is almost certainly a
code that I can look up somewhere.</p>

<p>I'm guessing it means my computer was too hot, for the heat
dissapation fan had gone into high gear.  I've felt the machine hotter
before, but maybe just not during a reboot cycle.</p>

<p>Anyway, it seems all fine now, but now I'm no longer at the
internet cafe.  And I'm choosing not to go back and pay another 380
yen to start an hour of ..  it's 300 yen for each subsequent hour so
I'll only lose 80 yen by going back.  but I'm kinda not in the mood
anymore.  I'll read through the emails I downloaded and see how I
feel.</p>

<p>I can tell even before I start that I'll just feel lethargic and
sleepy.  I imagine that society is going through a phase of attachment
to our computers/internet connection, and that in 20 years there will
be support classes for IAA Internet Addicts Anonymous - those that
just want to be online cause it feels good.</p>
