---
title: Today
tags: []
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2003-06-17
---

<p class=date>2:18pm JST Tuesday 17 June 2003</p>

<p>So far:</p>

<p>Attended class with Olivia and Kimberly.  Kimberly's baby Lanny won
again with the wail that retrieves the mama.</p>

<p>I found it distracting, not cause I empathized with her, but 'cause
it was annoying.  I'm thankful that I'm not a father.</p>

<p>Came home, read some technology and world news.  Seems Microsoft is
trying to handicap linux by disabling the best linux antivirus
software. Lockheed Martin (?) has been given cash (only $6M I think)
to develop a nuclear propelled craft to explore Jupiter</p>

<p>Chatted with Masahiko at the bank and withdrew cash.  I seem to be
turning a profit in Japan.  I've got about 225000 yen in the bank.  He
remembered me and (just barely remembered) qmy name.  I remembered his
name cause I had written it down last time I yammered with him (and
specifically looked it up before I visited the bank this time).</p>

<p>On a train now to sign up with Lloyd's so I can transfer money
home.</p>

<p class=date>2:47pm</p>

<p>Sweet.  My train navigation skills are kicking ass compared to when
I first got here.</p>

<p class=date>3:51pm</p>

<p>Cancel that.</p>

<p>I got lost as fuck on the subways.  Well..  yeah pretty much lost
as fuck.</p>

<p>Got here though.   Only a million years later.</p>

<p>My train navigation skills on my own line are kicking ass compared
to when I first got here.</p>

<p>- - - -</p>

<p>In other news, upon arrival at Lloyd's, I noticed that I did not
bring my passport.  Fuck fuck fuck.  But at least I was able to speak
with an native English speaker Nick (from Britain, it seems), who
confirmed that I had properly filled out the form.  I will fax to him
the copy of my passport.</p>

<p>(I will have the staff at Nova Kawasaki fax it to him)</p>

<p>Now I'm off to Shibuya.   May it be ten million times easier to get
there than it was to get here.</p>

<p class=date>5:14pm</p>

<p>It was easier.  I'm at Starbucks in Shibuya, and have started to
fall asleep in at this tall chair and table.  Not too comfortable.
Place is pretty busy; I hate to use up a table this way, but oh well.
I'm sure Starbucks can afford it.</p>
