---
title: Writing
tags: []
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2003-06-20
---

<p class=date>11:09pm JST Friday 20 June 2003</p>

<p>My flatmate Frank is writing a book about his experiences in Japan.
When I first contacted him in early March, he sent me a bunch of
emails.  I didn't read them until after I arrived in Japan cause I
didn't want them to taint my view of Japanese culture.  I wanted to
experience Japan with a Beginner's Mind (a term from Brugh Joy, I
think).</p>

<p>I just finished the five or six such emails I hadn't previously
read, and I'm inspired to write a bit more about <em>Japan</em> and
not just my experiences in Japan, though of course, these are all
based on my experiences in Japan.</p>

<p>Let me first be clear that these are about Tokyo, the huge
city-capital of Japan.  Things way out in the country may be far
different.</p>

<ol>
<li><p>A ridiculous number of people here smoke.  Cigarette vending
machines are in every building, every train station, and many street
corners all around the city.  Officially minors are not allowed to buy
cigs, but obviously there's no controlling a cigarette vending machine
outside on a street corner.</p></li>

<li><p>A ridiculous number of people here drink.  Drinking seems to be
a hobby for some of my students.  Not that they come in drunk (though
a couple do, and I do mean couple like two students out of hundreds,
not a couple per day), but some of them say "I like drinking" when we
do the smalltalk chit chat at the beginning of some lessons.  Many
have said (essentially) "I am tired cause I was up too late last night
drinking."</p></li>

<li><p>Many of the Nova instructors drink.  Frank warned me that many
of them have drinking problems, and I may have to agree.  I can easily
say 2/3rds of our teachers drink every night, and some I know get
plastered at least once a week.  I know one instructor at our school
has called in sick more than once for this reason.</p>

<p>Upon a brief discussion with Frank, we decided that this job
attracts, rather than creates, people with drinking problems.</p></li>

<li><p>Japan has excellent customer service.  When I approach the
counter of a convenience store or restaurant, I never have to wait for
a clerk.  That's not to say I never wait in line, but never is there a
customer at the counter without a clerk there.  Many times another
clerk will appear if more than 2 people are in line at a single
register.  If possible, that clerk will open another register.  If
that can't be done, then the clerk will help with sacking the items,
heating food, etc.</p></li>

<li><p>Japan has excellent customer service.  I can be lost in a train
station, and ask any uniformed person how to get to X.  That person
will do everything possible to make sure I understand how to get
there.  This may include drawing maps, giving me maps, finding someone
who can speak better English, or actually leading me where I'm trying
to go.</p>

<p>My best story in that department starts when I was lost in the
wrong train station.  I talked to a custodial woman who led me on the
train, <em>rode with me</em> to the next station, and would have led
me to the platform of the next station had I not begged her pardon and
assured her I now recognized my surroundings.</p></li>

<li><p>Japan has a great variety of toilets, including the
porcelain/stainless-steel-lines hole in the ground, water-mising
western style toilets (turn the handle one way for number 1, another
way for number 2) (like that which is in our apartment), and heated
seats with butt sprayer and bidet like that which is available in
hotels and some nicer office buildings.</p></li>

<li><p>Japanese are in love with their cell phones.  Part of the
reason may be that the phones here utterly destroy the best phones
available in the US (I don't know about Europe).  My tiny flip phone
can take pictures, browse the web (including submitting form data,
though the interface is a bit cumbersome), send email (including
sending pictures as attachments), has 500 person memory (and can have
a picture associated with each person, so when they call their number
and picture appear on my phone), has tons of rings available, allows
me to compose my own ring tones, has two full color displays (inside
and out), and can make and receive calls.</p></li>

<li><p>Japan is quite sexist.  Women are often expected to be
housewives.  Comic books often depict rape scenes.  The age of consent
for girls is 16, and for guys it's 18.</p></li>

</ol>

<p class=date>11:51pm</p>

<p>I'm tired.  More later.</p>
