---
title: Dream 04
tags: [ "dream" ]
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2003-06-21
---

<p class=date>4:22am JST Saturday 21 June 2003</p>

<p class=dream>Went home early.  I did something wrong at work and
they were like that's it you're outta here and I was like whoohoo! but
I wanted to surprise janette so I didn't tell her, but I had to get
home from the airport some way, so I called Fred, or I was going to
ride my bike to his house, but he had to get it from her house first
without telling her he was getting it, nor why if she found out and I
was in my old neighborhood and a dog was yapping so I took off its
lower jaw and started to eat some of the meat (tasted like chicken)
and it was cooked so it wasn't gross and the next dog wanted some so I
fed him some to keep him quiet and the first dog wasn't upset, but was
hungry so I fed him some meat, but not his own jaw cause he wouldn't
be able to chew the bones and then I threw the jaw into the trash, but
realized that they would find it and do DNA analysis on it and know it
was me, so I had to run away and I was climbing over fences in my old
neighborhood but I kept having to come back cause I forgot something
and I finally made it down toward the creek and janette was planning
to go to a skinhead type show out in the woods where they were going
to burn a bunch of machines not like robots but mechanical stuff to
show humans' superiority and I wasn't really interested but I wanted to
see her and maybe there was some benefit from seeing this performance
that I didn't understand yet</p>

<p>And then I woke up and was <em>really</em> relieved to have not
ripped off the dog's jaw, nor have to attend a skinhead
destruct-o-show.</p>

<p class=date>4:48am</p>

<p>Just bought shave cream and woke my body up and hope to sleep with
lucid dreams or better.</p>
