---
title: Rie!
tags: []
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2003-06-25
---

<p class=date>4:20pm JST Wednesday 25 June 2003</p>

<p>ÇËÇ¶!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!</p>

<p>I just wrote a long sad email to Kristen about wah wah wah I don't
know what I'm really doing here and then AS SOON AS my brain turned
off and I sent the message, my phone rang and it was ÇËÇ¶!!!!!!!!</p>

<p>I'll get to see her in about an hour and I'M SO
EXCITED!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!</p>

<p class=date>11:29pm</p>

<p>I got my first full frontal hug in Japan from ÇËÇ¶.  I got my
*second* full frontal hug from ÇËÇ¶ as well.  In one day.  In one
<em>evening</em>.</p>

<p>"You miss the United States more than I thought," she said after I
mentioned for the third time in five minutes how I was looking forward
to seeing my friends again.</p>

<p>"I miss the hugs.  <em>That</em> was the first hug I've gotten
since I've been here."</p>

<p>Her eyes widened.  "Oh."</p>

<p>"Exactly."</p>

<p>"I'll give you your second hug in Japan, too."</p>

<p>We sat in my room on the floor and then the futon, side by side, as
I showed her pictures in reverse chronological order of Hakone, Sakura
festival, New Year's party, Oregon, San Francisco, Los Angeles.</p>

<p>Here's something funny: I spent four days and nights at Dude and
Veronica's house in Oregon.  I have one picture of that visit.  A
picture of us eating?  no.  A picture of Dude, Veronica, and her
brother whose name I've forgotten? no.  A picture of Bailey and
Remington's butts as they look expectantly at a door?  Yes.</p>

<p>ÇËÇ¶ÇÃ English is SO much better.  Most notably her pronounciation
of R and L is vastly improved from last time I talked with her at
length.  "Lauren" sounds like "Lauren" instead of "Roland," and she
can say "Briar Forest" and something else.</p>

<p>Mostly I was just like EEEEEEEEEeeee!!!!  to have a friend in
Japan!</p>

<p>I called ÇµÇÒ to see if I could invite ÇËÇ¶ to eat with us tonight.
I was sure he'd say yes, but didn't want to surprise him.  They spoke
a lot of Japanese which ÇËÇ¶ would then translate to me.  I understood
a few words and some particles.</p>

<p>Though we had planned for me to pay for dinner tonight, ÇµÇÒ paid.
I didn't fight him on it; I've been trained otherwise by the M&M
twins.  ÇËÇ¶ tried, but was denied.  I did successfully have him not
pay a lesson fee.</p>

<p>At the end of the evening, ÇËÇ¶ walked home alone though I really
wanted to walk her home, if nothing else, to meet some more local
Japanese contacts.  I asked if I would see her again before she went
and she was like "yes" and asked if I had her number.  (yes)</p>

<p>I got my second hug and she went her own way as I walked with ÇµÇÒ
back to the station.</p>

<p>Next week we will meet in çjìá, eat at Ç›ÇŸ's, and *I* will
pay for dinner.</p>

<p>- - - -</p>

<p>I forgot to say that since she has been in the US, she has forgotten some of the kanji she used to know.  And it took her a bit to get her brain back in to Japanese conversation mode when she first got back to Japan.  And she's much more outgoing than most other Japanese women.</p>
