---
title: Nova
tags: []
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2003-06-26
---

<p class=date>12:11pm JST Thursday 26 June 2003</p>

<p>I noticed a similarity which tends to explain why I don't like
teaching using the Nova system.</p>

<p>Organized religions seem to me like masses of people emulating the
actions of one person, attempting to connect with their spiritual
nature.  The way one person connects with (insert your favorite name
for that which cannot be named) won't necessarily work for another.
Our personalities are different.  Our histories are different.  I
won't blather into a big blathering; here's the point:</p>

<p>The Nova way of teaching suits certain personalities of teachers
and certain personalities of students.</p>

<p>A moment ago I read the following from the suggested Kinder (4-5
year olds) lesson for the week:</p>

<pre><b>G, Coursebook Activity (Practice it!)</b> 
<br>Open one copy of the coursebook to pages 4 and 5.  Say, <em>He's
reading.  What's he doing?</em> and encourage the students to respond,
<em>He's reading.</em> Say, <em>Go!</em> and have the students point
to Dad reading on the page.  Ask, <em>What's he doing?</em> and
encourage them to respond <em>He's reading.</em> Have the students put
their hands on their heads and repeat the activity for the picture of
Lisa eating.  Repeat the activity for brushing teeth on pages 6 and 7,
watching TV on pages 10 and 11, and sleeping on pages 20 and 21.

Tip: Between each page, have the students do a different action,
putting their hands on their heads, or wiggling their fingers in the
air.
</pre>

<p>When I read the part about them putting their hands on their heads
I'm like, "wtf?" and then the Tip at the bottom is just fluff.  I
mean, of course, the author may have developed a perfect method by
which s/he can teach this stuff, but something is lost in the
explanation to me.</p>

<p>For me, teaching well requires a <em>connection</em> with the
students.  (*) I like to get in their heads; what is going on in
there?  what do I have to work with?  Ah.  Now I know how to teach
this material.</p>

<p>I can't read this paragraph and use it to teach.  The idea of
simply doing that feels so.. wrong.  Like I'm cheating or patronizing
the students... or worse, ignoring the students needs.</p>

<p>Teaching is not just actions without feeling.  The teaching occurs
on a different level than just physical action.  There's gotta be a
connection.</p>

<p>So the Nova way seems a lot like a religion to me.  Just some
lessons for people to read and try to emulate without necessarily
feeling/connecting/teaching/learning.</p>


<p>(*) There are times when I don't make this connection.  For
example, when there are four students in the room.  Or three.  Or two.
Further, my ability to teach certainly has to do with my mood at the
time.  If I'm feeling like poo, I won't likely be/appear as genki as,
say, Carla, the best kids' teacher ever.</p>
