---
title: Work
tags: []
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2003-06-26
---

<p class=date>9:16pm JST Thursday 26 June 2003</p>

<p>Work was pretty rockin' today.  I had a best lesson ever, with two
women, one of whom recently quit her job to become an assistant
cartoonist (she creates the background of the scene for the cartoonist
who then draws the characters in it), the other of whom doesn't like
her job all that much (magazine editor) and wants to be a swimming
instructor.  So I was like, "shit dawg, go volunteer at the local pool
one hour per week this summer!"</p>

<p>I sensed her fear at that prospect, but hopefully she will do it
for herself even so.</p>

<p>The very last lesson of the day was with a level 4 in a lucky man
to man (man to man, but the student only paid for a normal lesson -
but no one else signed up (or showed up) to the lesson).  Soon as he
found out he was >M&lt; he inquired about leveling up.  I told him
what I'm supposed to say is go to the voice room, but the best way is
to save his money and go overseas to an English speaking company.</p>

<p>((According to his emails, Frank seems to give this advice all the
time.  I've been quite hesitant to so boldly tell students not to go
to Nova, but in some cases, shit - Nova just ain't helping.  And it
can't be said that I had ulterior motives; I didn't tell him to pay me
to teach him (I even poopooed my (Nova) teaching skillz) and he isn't
a finely contoured female.))</p>

<p>In the course of our conversation, he told me that he's sick of his
job so I was like, "are you married?" (no) "then go to the US" and I
gave him Philip Gayle's email address as someone in the US who knows
Japanese and might be able to help.  I should look up the email
address of the place in Houston that taught me Japanese. (I hope that
was okay to give it out; I just wrote to Philip to let him know, but
the irony is that this cat will probably contact him before my email
is sent)</p>

<p>And he told me where I could get my CDRW/DVD player fixed.  And
it's quite near KQ Kawasaki.   Rock!</p>

<p>Quote of the day:</p>

<pre>
It's good and awful.
</pre>
