---
title: Work
tags: 
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2003-06-27
---

<p class=date>3:15pm JST Friday 27 June 2003</p>

<p>Just had a lesson with Mitsuko, one of our genkiest awesome
students who can't really put sentences together correctly.  She tries
really hard and she initiates and has great followup, but it all comes
out like confetti.</p>

<p class=date>9:29pm</p>

<p>Work = finished.</p>

<p>The last lesson could have been a killer with four 7Bs, but they
were all just perfectly balanced between talkative and attentive.</p>

<p>Satoko, one of my students (previous lesson, level 5) said she
emailed me yesterday, so I'll get it on Sunday.  She talked about her
favorite music, and did pretty well with everything grammatically, so
I worked on her intonation.  Her favorite band is Mood Makers, with
Tokyo Ska Paradise Orchestra as a close second.</p>

<p>She said she appreciated the lesson, and preferred it to a lesson
from the book.  I was like, <b>me too; most def.</b>   I thought about
Agent Smith as I said quietly, "I <em>hate</em> this book."</p>

<p><em>Most</em> hilarious was Naomi, a 7B who is genki off the
charts.  She's so frikkin' funny with *none* of the attributes of a
typical Japanese female personality.  She saw my elephant tie and was
like, "elafat" and made elephant trunk gestures with her hand like she
was braying.  I was laughing my ass of and braying with her, hoping
I'd catch the eye of Doug in the next cubicle to see if I'd trip him
up.</p>

<p>But the most hilarious thing she said had nothing to do with
elephants.  She told me she was going to sleep or something, and I
wrote down "I sleep," with the intention of having her expand on it
later.  Then we got sidetracked with elephant gestures and when I got
back to it, I pointed to the words and was like, "I sleeep...."
expecting her to finish the sentence and she uttered the quote of the
day:</p>

<p>"I sleep on the elevator."</p>

<p>What?????</p>

<p>She is the elevator driver in Tokyo Tower, and when there are no
passengers, she often falls asleep on the elevator!  Holy shit that is
hilarious!  It's not just that *that*'s hilarious, but watching her
impersonate herself drifting to sleep, jolting awake, pretending to be
genki for the customers as she pushed the imaginary buttons...  oh god
it was a riot!</p>
