---
title: Bobbie
tags: 
author: Rob Nugen
date: 1992-09-02
---

<p class=note>(transcribed from Book Two of my diary)

<p>I can barely write yet.</p>

<p class=date>6:57AM Wednesday September 2nd 1992</p>

<p>Yesterday was the second day of school.  At one point, I was
walking past Bates, and a guy & girl came out.  I had seen her before
and she asked me my name.  I was surprised by the quesion because she
has braces and I didn't answer her but instead asked if they lived in
Bates.  He lives there, but she does not.  We walked and talked and as
we were about to part, she asked again for my name.  I told her.  her
name is Bobbie.  She has braces.  She has braces.  Since she asked me
her name, I stayed walking with them for as long as possible.</p>

<p>Later, I was talking to Molly, who said that I would like Bobbie.
She is very funny.  She apparently said, "I came to college and lost
my virginity.  I've lost my boyfriend, and now I've lost my sensuality
to physics."  I told Molly that I plan to study with her or something
and tell her, "I have a braces fetish.  May I kiss you?"  Molly said
she would respect that.  Molly said she has a temper, [banging on the
dorm door] "Why aren't you in there, dammit?  You don't <em>have</em>
a life!  <em>I'm it!</em></p>

<p>Molly heard through Greg that one time she was pissed at her
boyfriend and took him into her room and "fucked his brains out." Then
as she was still breathing heavy said, "Now get out of my room."  I'm
totally going to meet her.</p>

<p>Yesterday in Fortran, I realized it would be an easy class.
Instructor: "How many people have computers?"  1/2 the class raised
their hands.  I raised both hands.  He asked me, "You have 2
computers?"  "Yes."  Then he asked, "How many people have programming
experience?"  3 people raised their hands.  "What languages?"  Me:
"Pascal, Cobol, C, assembly."  He: "Why are you in this class?"  Me:
"Easy A."  Dude.  I totally have to get an A in there now.</p>

<p>Today is a HOMEWORK BLOCKADE.  Later</p>
