---
title: 19-may-1999
tags: soml
author: Rob Nugen
date: 1999-05-19
---

<p class=date>Wednesday 19 May 1999</p>

<p><b>STATE OF MY LIFE</b>

<p><ol>

<p><li>Jason and I are going to Australia in November.  That's why we're working to save some dollars now.  We'll also take scuba lessons so we can dive while there.</li>

<p><li>This morning I was pondering the phases of my life since high school in terms of Big Focii Of My Life.
<br>Graduated high school in 1988.
<br>Spent 2 years at North Harris County College.
<br>Spent 5 years at University of Houston (3.5 years barefoot with frisbee)
<br>Spent 2.5 years working at Telecheck
<br>Spent 1 year not working at Telcheck, part way working on my businesses (website design with <a href="http://www.mrlaboratories.com">MR Labs</a>, internet sales with <a href="http://www.flash.net/~robnugen">Flash Net</a>)</li>

<p>This most recent phase is where I am now, and I'm beginning to add something to it.. on the surface, it appears that I'm traveling a lot and riding roller coasters all over the US (well, I've just gotten started but that's the idea).  I'm creating a book during/of this process.  The book is a prototype for my big coffee table book which I'll create when a have funding from some wealthy entity.

<p>Under the surface of all this travel and roller coasters and fun is an intangible something..  a belief that life doesn't have to be hard.. a set of beliefs:
<ul>
<li>I don't have to work a 9-5 job
<li>I don't have to work at all to be a good person
<li>I can do what I love and the money will follow
<li>I trust that the universe will provide me with any resources I need
<li>I can teach other people the same thing
</ul>

<p>This last one is a big part of my coaster book - that I can teach by example that anyone can do whatever they want to do.  Just believe and trust and go do it.

<p>We are souls having a human experience.  The soul knows we cannot die, but the human ego does not.  Con<em>sole</em> your ego, "I know you're scared, but trust me this will be fun."

<p><li>Part of me thinks that people will read the above and be all, "what a load of crap!!" but I trust that someone will read it and connect.  For that person who wants to learn more, email Janice or Jeff about <a href="http://www.jeffdurstconsulting.com/heart.htm">Project Heart</a>.  This is the course that has really helped me believe I can do it.  Also read Conversations with God by Neale Walsch, also read Your Heart's Desire by Sonia Choquette.

<p><li>Jason and I will work again today; should finish with the job we started yesterday, and will likely get another job to start tomorrow.</li>

</ol>
