---
title: I'm a packrat
tags: [ "site" ]
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2015-06-09T11:16:19+09:00
---

## 11:16 Tuesday 09 June 2015 JST

I'm a packrat; I've got a bunch of junk strewn across robnugen.com,
and I'm lazy.  I will probably never finish moving everything to
www.robnugen.com (via new.robnugen.com), so 80% likely the subdomains
of robnugen.com will linger much longer.

I mention this because I just scanned a couple entries at vihart.com.
The site is clean and lovely, and though I don't know if it's been
pruned, it's at least had some design thought put into it.

This pruning idea is something that almost never happens on my
domains.  I've got a crappy image called attr3.gif on my images root
directory.  I have no idea what it is, but it's only 1.4kb so what's
the big problem?  What if it's referenced by some amazing journal
entry I wrote?

There's a way I could check that, of course, and that is to finish
moving all my journal entries from there to here and then do a search.
But that would require overcoming the lazy/busy aspect of things.

Then, there's a file called crap1.6meg.JPG, which, amazingly, is only
426kb.  How did that happen?  What's in the file?  Again, I don't
know, but it's there.

I'd love to reorganize my image folder directory structure, but that
would break myriad links.. but which ones?  where are they?  What
about people on other sites who have linked them?  If I move the
images, how do I set up a redirect to fix the broken links?  Should I
make a .htaccess file 5000 lines long?  Doesn't seem to fun for the
web server (or the web maintainer, whoever that is (ahem)), but maybe
it would be fine.

What's my point?

nothing. nothing at all.  but this entry is staying right here (in a
permalink way, not in a stickied way).
