---
title: Dream
tags: [ "dream" ]
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2015-06-21T20:18:12+09:00
---

## 20:18 Sunday 21 June 2015 JST

Two types of monsters existed in the city which had existed for
thousands of years and recently we realized they had found a weakness
in our defenses.  We had secured some way that disallowed them from
climbing up this set of buildings but they had found a way to beat
that with a new building which had been built recently, so they could
climb up the new buildng above the defenses and the swing across to
our set of buildings.

A small porcupine monster came up through a hole in the
sidewalk and was spewing pencils upward; I used some of the pencils to
attack it, stabbing downward through the hole so he couldn't come up.

He asked if I stabbed him 562 times with 562 pencils how many stabs
that would be, and I said just 562, one per pencil.  I closed the hole
with a rock and believed he couldn't get up past it, given all his
injuries.

I went up to the house and told one housemate the problem with the
monsters being able to reach the city and that the roommate shoud be
careful.  A few more roommates came in and I told them the same thing,
though one didn't trust me for some reason.

I left the house and was in a field watching some designs on the
ground which I realized were zombie traps, specifically to catch white
paint zombies.  Basically they were grills in the ground where white
paint zombies would pour through the grill and not be able to get back
up. The pattern expanded to catch more zombie types until it was
simply a large hole in the groud with a place for bait in the middle
to attract the zombies.  One zombie came toward the hole as my friend
was asking me what the hole was for and I said "come with me on this
side of the hole and keep the zombie directly across from us and the
zombile will walk into he hole and become trapped.  Now of course we
have to be careful because when we stand over on this side we are very
close to the trees so they can get us from behind.  plus the hole is
only that deep, so it can't hold like 10 zombies; maybe only 2 or 3."

Another zombie came and we led it to drop into the hole, but then as I
left, the zombie climbed out and said thank you.  I told my friend I
had never heard them speak before, so I wasn't sure what that was.
Then I remembered [MJGs book](https://www.amazon.com/dp/B00VQH040M) and
thought I wonder if they're safe now, and asked my friend if they were
safe, and he guessed they might be. I was like, Okay you go first" and
he laughed.  I went back toward the zombie who had been able to climb
out and I tentatively went up to him all, um, so , um hi." and he
spoke normally with me, and told me about the time we had gone to a
workshop together, and I hadn't understood the symbology (obviously)
but they guy had.

He showed me some symbols I had apparently seen before and said I had
missed the obvious clues which he had mentioned.  This pattern meant
write.  So I was able to read, but not to write.

This portion means travel and this means somethign else .  Some of the
concepts were being translated poorly as through Japanese and I said I
think I understand.  He pointed out "6 of 25" and asked what it
means.. "well 6 means F and twenty five is near the end of the
alphabet, so Zombie?" and wondered if he had gone through a
progression of stages culminating at Zombie, and had reached pure
bliss at this stage..  He spent a lot of time trying to explain the
symbols, which were done in a step by step mathematics now that I look
at it, and he explained that the maker had been waiting for people to
crack the code and said that our little questions had been wasting his
(our) time.

At the end, he was trying to communicate next steps and gave me a
phone number which I was hard-pressed to enter into my phone.  he was
saying 090 and I was typing 090 I thought but the numbers all came out
wrong, I was getting grouchy but stayed cool and just explained that I
didn't know why they weren't working correctlly.  Then I realized that
I was deleting other people's phone numbers while I was tyring to edit
this phone number.

I tried again and again and nearly got to the end of the number which
had more than 4 digits in the last part, then I realized he was saying
S2

space space space space it was some sort of pager wait two seconds for
it to pick up and then send the mesage to the pager, and that was how
I could communicate my desire to hear the next part of the message.

I thanked him and hugged him and thanked him for his time, looking
carfully into his eyes for a period of time, but not knowing if I'd be
able to use his informatin since I hand't been able to enter it into
my phone.



As originally typed:

    Two tupes of monster existed in the city which had existed for
    thusands of years and recently we realized they had found a wakness in
    our  defenses.  We had secured some way that disallowed them from
    climbing up this set of buildings but they had found a way to beat
    taht with a new building which had been built recently, so they could
    climb up the new buildng above the defenses and the swing across to
    our set of buildings.  A monster came up through a hole in the
    sidewalk and was spewing pencils upward; I used some of tht pencils to
    attack it, stabbing downward thrug the hole so he couldn't come up.
    He could a
    
    he asked if I stabbed him 562 times with 562 pencils how many stabs
    that would e, and I said jsust 562, on per each penciel  five sixyt
    two.  I closed the hle with a rock and believved he couldn't get up
    past it, given all his injuries.
    
    I went up to the house and told one housemate the problem with the
    monsters being bale to reach tecity and that they shoud be careful
    (the roomates) .  a few more roommates came in and I told them the
    same thing, though one didn't trust me for soe reason.
    
    I left the house and was in a feield watchig some designs on the
    ground wheich I realized were zombie traps. to catch white zombies.
    basically they were  grills in the ground where white paint zombies
    would pour through the grill and not being able to get back up.  not
    be able to get back up.  the pattern expanded until it was simple a
    large hole in the groud wi
    in the ground with a place for bati in the middle to attract the
    zombies.  One zombe came toward the hole as my friend was asking me
    what the hole was for and I said come with me on this side of the hole
    and keep the zombie directly across and the zombile will walk into he
    hole and become trapped.   Now of course we have to be careful because
    when we stand over on this side we are very close to the trees so they
    can get us from behind.  plus the hole is only that deep, so it can't
    hold like 10 zombies; maybe only 2 or e.  Another zombie came and we
    led it to drop into the hole, but then as I left, the zombie said
    thank you.  I told my friend I had never heard them speak before, bu
    so I"m not surew aht that was.  Then I remember MJGs book and through
    I wonder if they're safe now, and told my freind th asked my friend if
    they were safe, and he guessed they might be. I was lie, Okay you go
    first" and he laughed.  I went back toward the zombie who had been
    able to climb out and I tentaviely went up to him all, um, so , um
    hi." and he spoke normally  with me, and  ttold me about the time we
    had goine to w a workshop togehter, and I hadn't understood te
    symbology (aonviously) but they guy had.
    
    He showed me some symbols I had see I had apparently seen before and
    said I had missed the obvious cluse clues which he had mentioned.
    This pattern meant write.  So I was able to read, but not to write.
    
    This portion means travel and this means somethign else .  Some of the
    concepts were eing granslated poorly as through Japanese and I said I
    think I understand.   He pointed out "6 of 25  (six of twenty-five)
    and asked what itmeans.. well sixe   six means F and twenty five is
    near the end of the alphabet so Zombie? and wondered if he had gone
    through a progression of stages culminating at Zombie, and had reached
    pure bliss at this stage..  He spent a lot of time trying to explain
    the symbols, which were done in a step by step mathmatics now that I
    look at it, and he explained that the maker had been waiting  for
    people to achiev  to crack the code and said that our little quesitons
    had been wasting his (our) time.
    
    At the end, he was trign to communicated next steps and gvae me a
    phone number which I was hard-pressed to enter into my phone.  he was
    saying 090 and I was typing 090 I thought but the nuberall came out
    wrong, I was getting grouchy but stayed cool and just sexplained that
    I dind't know why they were working correctlly.  Then i rezlied that I
    was deleteing othe people phone numbers whilen I was tyring to edit
    this phone numbre.
    
    I tried again and again and nearly got to the end of the nuber which
    had more than 4 digits in the last part, then I realized he was saying
    S2
    
    space space space space it was some sort of pager wait two seconds for
    it to pick up and then send the mesage to the pger, and that was how I
    could communicate my desire to hear tht next part of the mesage.
    
    I thanked him and hugged him and thanked him for his time, looking
    carfully into his eyes for a period of time, but not knowing if I'd be
    able to use his informatin since I hand't been able to enter it into
    my phone.
    
    
