---
title: cherry blossoms in Ueno
tags: []
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2003-04-04
---

<p class=date>11:21pm JST Friday 4 April 2003</p>

<p>Today was <em>packed</em>.</p>

<p>Janelle & Kevin plus Dru were already at the park by the time I
arrived.  I thought I was late, but tons of people came after me..
Mindy, Emma, Chris, Shehan, then at the very end, Robbie, someone
else... durnit </p>

<p>ANYWAY, the cherry blossoms were in full bloom and quite
beautiful.  Imagine a park covered in trees and all the trees blooming
white with small blossoms, delicate and fragrant.</p>

<p>The ground was mostly covered with blue tarps, with a few families
using them for picnic type things.  The tarps remained clean as
everyone removed their shoes before stepping onto them.</p>

<p>Janelle & Kevin brought sheets for us to use and we got some
giggles from those around us.  We moved to a tarp, but got gently
booted off cause we had not paid to use it.  We were moved under a
short cherry blossom tree with pink blossoms.</p>

<p>Turns out this tree is like <em>the</em> cool tree in the place
cause tons of people came to photograph it.  Japanese girls across
from us wrestled and shrieked and giggled and fell all over each other
in drunken revelry. One of the tarp dwellers across the tree from us
came over with a bottle of sake.  He was all pointing to the blossoms
and saying the name in Japanese (which I've forgotten), like
"<em>cherry blossom :: sake</em>!!" holding up the bottle, and poured
us all some sake to celebrate the cherry blossom in full glorious
bloom.</p>

<p>Over the next hour or so they offered us plenty of sake, Jim Beam
whiskey "Amelican!", donuts, white knit gloves, and maybe other
stuff.  So friendly and so great!</p>

<p>THEN some guys came over with a big TV camera all smiling and
friendly and the guy was like, "nihongo?" to ask us if he could
interview us in Japanese, but we were like, "no" and he goes, "oh,
English only" and therefore proceeded to ask Emma (the only female
among us five guys) a simple question that seemed to be about the
cherry blossoms.  She was all, "oh they are beautiful; I enjoy them
everyday," and then moved on to the next tarp for some Japanese
interviews.  We fucked with Emma like, "oh, he was asking you about
the salarymen," or "what if he was asking you about earthquakes or
tsunamis?" or some shit like that.  Funny.</p>

<p>Janelle, Kevin, Emma, Mindy, Shehan and I went down by a bunch of
booths to explore the offerings (mostly food).  Immaculate and careful
presentation.  A waffle iron to make waffles out of batter, except the
batter was the same as for fortune cookies, and the waffle iron made
little cat and dog shaped waffles. So cute!!</p>

<p>We had fucking cool bottles with a marble for a lid, er a cap that
gets pushed into the bottle to open it.</p>

<p>We played a card drawing drinking game.  I drank orange drink.  Ace
is for avalanche, two is for you, three is more me, four is for
whores, five is to the right, six is for dicks, seven is to the left,
eight is a something else, nine, blah blah blah.  Fun-ish game, but
silent football is far better.</p>

<p>As the original group was leaving for the evening, Robbie and
friends came and we all walked around the park.  All those who
remained in our group.</p>

<p>Robbie taught me by example that it's okay to have fun with
Japanese.  "Campai!" he yelled to a group of salarymen on a tarp, and
within a minute he was sitting with them, being offered a full glass
of sake.  Like a five ounce glass from 7-11 (we call it 7-11 Sake).
Such a magic word Compai..  It means cheers or get schnockerd or the
like.</p>

<p>We took lots of pictures and one guy was all extravagantly miming a
home run in baseball.   Crraaazy stuff.</p>

<p>More walking until we found a fire juggler who spoke relatively
good English.  He could identify as Aussie my phrase "no worries
mate," and was a good juggler to boot.  Fun pictures of that.</p>

<p>Robbie was infatuated with the concept that they were allowed to
drink out in public.  "80% of these people are *drunk*," he explained.
"We could *never* do this at home!"  So we got a picture of him
carrying a beer and posing with two cops.</p>

<p>On our way home he said "compai!" to a girl next to me on the
train.  They ended up having a long conversation.  Fuck being shy.  i
can do this.</p>
