---
title: Dream
tags: [ "dream" ]
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2003-04-04
---

<p class=date>8:40am JST Friday 4 April 2003</p>

<p class=dream>"It's a charley barley barely burger"</p>

<p class=dream>My friends and I had through it would be fun to ride on
the back of the truck as our boss was driving to Tennessee or
someplace hopefully not so far away.  The truck had started out as
trains and we were testing our train boarding skills.  I had been able
to barely climb up the slick stainless steel outer casing of the
train, but somehow I did it.  I held on for a while, but it became
apparent I wouldn't be able to do this the whole time.</p>

<p class=dream>So we opened the doors more and I climbed in with my
friends onto the futons and other soft things loaded into the back of
the truck.  The back doors swung open and some of our stuff fell off.
I was all, "oh shit our stuff is falling off!" and I jumped off to go
rescue it.  Like a couple sleeping bags, and a purse (although who
needs sleeping bags with so many futons?)</p>

<p class=dream>The truck was driving quite slowly, though I didn't
know how much longer it would be driving so slowly.  I ran away from
the truck, grabbing two sleeping bags, and tossed one up.  It almost
made it through the small gap between the futons and the edge of the
door.  I tried again and made it.  I tossed the other bag up as well,
and then ran further away from the truck to recover my friend's
purse.</p>

<p class=dream>I had a distinct feeling that our boss driving the
truck would be able to see me in the rearview mirrors since I had run
so far back behind the truck.</p>

<p class=dream>Grabbed her purse anyway and ran back toward the truck.
But the truck turned toward the left, making me clearly visible in the
mirrors, so I dropped down prone on the floor to make myself less
visible.  He turned right (back away from me again) and I thought I
was okay.  But then I realized he was just swinging around to U
turn.</p>

<p class=dream>I was caught.  I lay on the ground with my friend's
purse and another bag as the huge 18 wheeler drove slowly toward me.
At this point, the game was up; I didn't try to hide what I had been
doing, nor try to implicate my friends; maybe they could still get
away.</p>

<p class=dream>I ended up at the main office, with no way to get home,
but I had called my dad for help.  After a while a woman came in.</p>

<p class=dream>"Rob?  This is from your dad [to help you get home]."
She held three items: bag of cookies, stack of bologna, stack of white
bread; she placed them down one at a time on the table beside me.  "He
said to tell you it's a 'Charley,' 'barley,' 'barely burger'"</p>

<p class=dream>Good pun there, dad.  Not.</p>
