---
title: FuckyMcfuckfuck
tags: []
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2003-04-05
---

<p class=date>10:38am JST Saturday 5 April 2003</p>

<p>Oh jeez</p>

<p>It all started by missing my first stop (out of dumbness for having
not more carefully memorizing the name of my transfer station) for I
was certain that my stop was farther past a certain notable landmark
(rail yard of many tracks) <em>and</em> that we got off at my station
on the left, not the right.</p>

<p>Went one more station, got off, turned around, got on, went one
station, and the announcer voice in Japanese yammered something in
Japanese and then said in English, "this train is bound for
musashi-kosugi; the next station is shin-busagu" or some shit like
that and I'm like cool musashi-kosugi.  Got off and it looked a bit
different cause I was coming from the other direction, went down the
stairs, through the turnstiles with my ticket and hear the <em>BING
BONG</em> that shouts to everyone "HEY EVERYBODY LOOK!! THIS GUY IS
TRYING TO GET THROUGH THE TURNSTILES WITH A BOGUS TICKET!!!!"</p>

<p>Now if this happens when I know I'm at the correct station and
there's millions of people busting through the turnstiles all at once
and bing-bongs happening every 20 seconds, then no one can track it.
But, there was one person going through the turnstiles, including
me.</p>

<p>And I was in the wrong station.</p>

<p>Fuck!  How did that happen?</p>

<p>To the gate guard all, "musashi-kosugi" and he's all,
"yammeryammeryammer no musashi-kosugi [for you]"</p>

<p>I'm all, "Kawasaki" and pointing to my rail pass, cause Kawasaki is
where I need to go ultimately.</p>

<p>He's all "yammeryammeryammeryammer" and then "yammeryammeryammer
yammeryammer" and pointing all over the place outside the station
toward McDonald's and inside the station at the turnstiles and I'm
like <em>fuck!</em> cause I have no idea what he was saying</p>

<p>but I went over to where he seemed to be pointing most often, but
that was outside and I'm like hollering quietly
goddammitfuckinshitmotherfuckerbitchshit and a woman who had seen my
plight guided me through and I was all, "arigato arigato arigato" to
her a ton.</p>

<p>I recognized I had originally been on an express train, which
skipped the station that the local train visited while going the other
direction.  The woman actually went on the train with me that one
extra station and once I knew where I was I tried to shake her off me
(verbally) so she could do whatever she does in her real life.
Finally I was putting up my hand like stop toward her and she got it.
More "arigatos" and I was on my way.</p>

###comments


<p><b>Name:</b> Ahhhhhhhhsha!

<p><b>Email:</b> ziggiegirl2000@ *redacted*

<p><b>Subject:</b> Dude, where's your Berlitz?

<p><b>Comment:</b>
<br>Rob! Sounds like life in japan is, to say the least...Interesting! Reading your entry reminded me of when i had to take the trains. And that was cross country (Tokyo to Nagaoka), whoa, con-fuse-ing! You gotten arround to the Starbucks there yet? They're really cool. Pointer, dont eat the deserts...trust me on this one, they taste as weird as they look. Hope your having a good time over all...you gotta get on AIM some time and open a ROB chat room so everyone can talk to you. Mmm, that could get really intersting come to think of it. Hehe!<br>
<br>
Syonara (sp?)<br>
<br>
asha

