---
title: argh
tags: 
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2003-04-06
---

<p class=date>8:13pm JST Sunday 6 April 2003</p>

<p>This</p>

<p>Gah.</p>

<p>Where am I?  Who am I?  What the hell am I doing here holed up in
my room?  Do I want to learn Japanese?  Do I want to be famous?  How
can I become famous by sitting scared in my room?  Do I want to write
a novel?  How can I write a novel when I'm not writing?  How can I
expect to get letters if I'm not writing them?  I've written two since
I've been here and have received four.  I think four.</p>

<p>I *am* famous!  I've gotten four letters and tons of emails but..
I don't *feel* famous..  how will I know if I'm really famous?  What
the fuck is famous?  Why am I still not studying Japanese?  Why am I
afraid to go play a bit in the fucking pachinko parlor when I've got
probably 100,000 yen in my wallet?  Why do I know how much money is in
my wallet?  Why don't I know how much money is in my wallet?  Why
haven't I paid back my loans?  Why do I get stuck online?  What am I
doing here in Japan?  I can just fucking work at home if I'm not
going to learn Japanese?  Shit I can learn fucking Japanese at home!
Rie was teaching me and I had another class to attend but I didn't
study cause just cause and now that I'm in Japan I'm not
<em>immersed</em>.  Trust me I'm not fucking immersed; I've got 2
English speaking roommates and 100% of my co-workers by definition
speak English.</p>

<p>And my roommates are both gone doing whatever my roommates do when
they're gone and I'm just sitting scared here in my room cause I don't
know what's out there for me to do.  I've got my little sushi dinner
from the corner store.  I don't have to understand Japanese to get it;
I just look at the numbers on the cash register while they yammer in
Japanese the price.  Only thing vaguely interesting about that is
memorizing a few different coins and their values.  Trivial.</p>

<p>Where is the fucking challenge?  Maybe I should go memorize my
train stations so I won't have to write any more idiotic messages
about how I got lost again cause I can't figure out which train is
which.  How dumb is that?</p>

<p>I should do something really challenging like go to some fucking
African country that hasn't been tainted by western values and
capitalism and all that.  A culture that's really different - not just
a different language.</p>

<p>Sigh.</p>

<p class=date>9:07pm</p>

<p>I'm a bit better now.  I just wrote a postcard to Eminem and am
going to work on my mass email list.</p>


###comments


<p><b>Name:</b> Mom

<p><b>Subject:</b> whoa!

<p><b>Comment:</b>
<br>chill, dude, you're doing great.....only there a few days and you HAVE been immersed <br>
 <br>
<br>
can't keep it up 24/7; give yourself a break<br>
<br>
Love you!<br>
<br>
Mom<br>


