---
title: DruDaddyG
tags: 
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2003-04-08
---

<p class=date>9:43pm JST Tuesday 8 April 2003</p>

<p>After studying a bit, and sleeping a bit more, I trained to
Shinjuku to meet up with Dru.  We walked randomly around the city,
people watching and into an electronics store where we scoped out some
crazy small cameras and minidisc players and video cameras..
<em>Small</em> small small is the keyword there.  Looked at some of
the electronic translators, but didn't get any; the model I wanted was
more expensive than Travis suggested I could find it.  So instead I
bought a shower scrubby thing for exfoliation purposes.  Oh we visited
a pachinko parlor and he told me that gambling is illegal in Japan,
but the balls that people accumulate can be exchanged for prizes.  And
there's a store nearby that will purchase the prizes.  Wow.  The room
was ridiculously loud.  Din so incredible that the woman behind the
desk wore a headset and mic, amplifying her voice so she could be
heard.</p>

<p>We finally settled upon a sushi train where we basically dared each
other to try different slimey things to eat.  Clam, squid, scoops of
little fish, slimey white slime stuff, slimey pink stuff, and crab
salad.  Oh, and he told me the word for green tea.  Something like
ochya so I turned toward the waitress to ask and he starts snickering
as if it's the wrong word.  I turned back to him and he's all, "naw,
I'm just kidding; it really is ochya" so I ask her and the waitress
points to cups right in front of me with tea bags beside them.
D'oh!</p>

<p>Funny how we get into patterns; on the way to Dru's house, he led
us to the station for his work.  D'oh!  130 yen each to fix that
little error, but whatever.</p>

<p>Kickin' it in his apartment now watching Simpsons; his roommate
Chris just got home from work.  He's from Melbourne.  "Melbourne shits
all over Sydney."  "Everyone thinks 'Sydney is Australia' and it's
not; it's just Sydney."</p>

