---
title: Going home
tags: 
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2003-04-08
---

<p class=date>11:23pm JST Tuesday 8 April 2003</p>

<p>A bit cramped on the train, trying to respect the personal space of
those around me.  But we basically all have seats on this train.  I
can see a hint of my getting better at navigating the train system in
that I've memorized a rail line and a station that goes with it: the
Nambu line goes through Musashi-kosugi.  I've not memorized the kanji
that goes with these names, but it's a start.</p>

<p>According to the chart, I've got 29 minutes on this train til we
reach Musashi-kosugi.  Should be early enough for me to transfer to my
line, Toyuko-Tokaido (or something like that) and zip down three
stations to Tsunashima.  Oh, and I've learned a trick:  when in a
random station going to a random station, just purchase the cheapest
ticket available, then use the Fare Adjustment machine at the end
station to pay the remainder.  That way I don't have to figure out the
exact fare, and I won't pay too much.</p>

<p>In *this* case, going home tonight, I'm using a loophole (?) in the
system.  I've got a pass that says I can go from Musashi-kosugi to
Tsunashima.  I bought that at the end of March (and Nova will
reimburse me for it on my first paycheck: May 15th) for like 11000
yen.  That much?  Shit that's $100.  Anyway, I got the pass and I was
able to get into the system with the smallest ticket available 130 yen
and will get out of the rail system using my pass.  Wow I'm really
abusing the system with my $100 rail pass.</p>

<p class=date>11:55pm</p>

<p>Musashi-kosugi station now and I must say "Hey man, why is no one
else getting on this train?"  From what I can tell it's a local train
(stops at every station) so maybe they want to wait for the express
which leaves in 5 minutes.  Whatever.  I'm 90% sure I'm on a train
that will work for me.</p>

<p class=date>12:00am</p>

<p>Dagnabbit.  Everyone was asked to get off the train, and I'm two
stops from home.  Some people split and left the station.  Enough
people are still here that I imagine I can get on the next train with
them.  Good deal.  Mental fingers are crossed.</p>

<p class=date>12:02am</p>

<p>A train just zipped past; I wonder if it's carrying those who
stayed at Musashi-Kosugi.</p>

<p class=date>12:10am</p>

<p>Made it to Tsunashima.  I'm too tired right now to really
appreciate this as a wild and fun adventure.  I'm simply thankful that
I'm home and won't have to walk a long way nor pay a lot for a cab.
Thank you train system that I gypped with my $100 pass.  Thank
you.</p>

<p>Going to walk home now without stopping by the internet cafe.  380
yen minimum is out of my price range for now.</p>
