---
title: annie's good advice
tags: 
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2003-04-15
---

<p class=date>10:00pm JST Tuesday 15 April 2003</p>

<pre>
hey rob
been following your adventures since you left for japan.  i totally
feel you with the being stuck in your room.  italy would make the 8th
country ive lived in and i cant even count how many countries ive
visited.  so here is what i know about myself when im living or
visiting a foreign country, and i thought id tell you, cause maybe
itll help.  when i first get there, i can walk around town, looking at
stuff, and its all lovely and wonderful and everything is beautiful
and new.  then, a bit later, days, weeks, i realize that im not
looking at a big painting, but that i actually have to interact with
this scene.  so then i realize i dont speak the language.  then im
like HOLY SHIT ON A STICK I CANT COMMUNICATE!  and i freak out.  and i
get stuck in my room.  and i make excuses, like, im too tired, or im
feeling sick, or the weather is bad outside.  and then i find the
easiest way to live possible.  i go to the shops where i dont have to
talk to anyone.  i try not talking to too many people.  and then
months later, i kick myself for being so silly.  getting out there is
hard, even in your home town.  getting out there in a foreign country
where you dont know the language is intensely scarey and so
frusterating at times.  dont feel bad that you afraid, but dont let it
get the best of you.  dont be hard on yourself when you fuck up, cause
youll do it alot, and if you get mad at yourself everytime, then you
are just going to be mad at yourself all the time.  for me, it feels
like im running into brick wall after brick wall after brick wall
sometimes when im in a new country, but i just have to take a breath
and forgive myself.  and then i can be really proud of small
accompishments.  you have no idea how happy i was when i finished my
first load of laundry at the laundry mat in Italy, or when i
distinguished between the women and mens bathroom in Indonesia for the
first time.  
so i guess this email of unsolicited advice will end in this: get out
there and fuck up.  fuck up bad.  you will always learn more from
getting yourself out of messes than you will buying your dinner at the
same place every night cause its easy.  and dont worry.  you can do
this, it just takes work and tears and courage.
love
annie
</pre>

<p>Thank you, Annie.  Thank you.  Thank you.</p>

###comments


<p><b>Name:</b> jb

<p><b>Comment:</b>
<br>wow! who is this amazing female?

