---
title: Class
tags: []
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2003-04-15
---

<p class=date>12:59pm JST Tuesday 15 April 2003</p>

<p>I attended my first Japanese class today with two women instructors
and six students, all women.  Sitting across from me was Olivia and
Karly.  Karly looks like the Swiss Miss girl - attractive face, blonde
hair and a long braid on both sides.</p>

<p>She was wearing a blue sweater that kinda showed cleavage and I was
briefly distracted each time I looked over at her while she was
talking.  It mostly did not affect my Japanese intake, but I
definitely noticed.</p>

<p>I walked back to the train station with her even though it would
have been faster for me to just walk to my house, which is where I
needed to go to get my wallet, which I <em>forgot</em> when I left the
apartment today.  Took the train to my station and then walked back to
my apartment.</p>

<p>Here's a map:</p>

<pre>
S ----- O ====== A ====== T ------ W


(not to scale)
</pre>

<p>We walked from S to O (school to Okuraiyama (the local train
station)) and took the train to T (Tsunashima (my local station)) and
she continued on to W (wherever) and I walked back to A (my
apartment).</p>

<p>I looked for things to toss her off my list, but didn't find
anything blatant.  She's probably too young (early 20s) though.</p>

<p>- - - -</p>

<p>During class, we learned shit like Ohaiyogozaimas ("howdy") and
Watashi wa Rob des ("my name is (what?) slim shady") and plenty of
other stuff that I won't benefit by writing in romanji.  I benefitted
from knowing hiragana, and from having practiced a bit of katakana,
but they ended up writing most things in romanji anyway, which some of
the girls read instead of the hiragana, whcih (I think) made them
sound more fluent than I sounded.  Not that I'm fluent, which I'm
not.. Yet.</p>

<p>I'm going to review some.  I look forward to having a way to
actually write hiragana in here instead of spelling the shit out in
romanji.</p>

<p>I definitely need some index cards to make some flashcards.</p>

###comments


<p><b>Name:</b> jb

<p><b>Comment:</b>
<br>ok  here's how i handle this instead of feeling insecure and jealous.  i says to mineself,i says, "self, you've just been bested!!Holy Crap!!"  no wait, that's not what i say.  i say " hey! hey you! self! take a load off!  there will *always* be girls and women, who are prettier, sexier, funnier, more accomplished or more attractive than me.  but it's the combination of who i am, what i have, that makes me beautiful and worthy.  whether or not rob agrees does not change that. whether or not rob  forsakes me for what might be, is up to him.  there's nothing i can do about that. so just chill, bitch!"  which makes me laugh, cuz i think i'm soo funny, and it's funny when i call myself bitch.<br>
  

