---
title: Dream
tags: [ "dream" ]
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2003-04-20
---

<p class=date>7:23am JST Sunday 20 April 2003</p>

<p class=dream>I looked out the window and saw how close I am to
Paris!  This seemed surprising that I hadn't realied it before, but
that I could just jum on a train and go to another part of the city
and visit the Eiffel Tower which was visibl in the distance.  Ryan had
told me how he had climbed the Eiffel Tower and I was like, "hey -
how'd he get to climb to the top of the ET, but I didn't and only got
to climb to the second level??" But if the Eiffel Tower is now
available for my climibng pleasure then so be it.</p>

<p class=dream>Our group went down the hall to Bryn's room and I was
hesitant to go at first since she hasn't written me back; I don't know
if she was mad at me or what, but I went anyway and she had a wall
hanging including different signatures from YRUU type people and I was
near the top of the list.  This made me feel loved and appreciated and
thankful I had come to visit.</p>

<p class=dream>Bryn's mom was there and I gave her a big hug and she
seemed happy with everything, but pointed out that the wallpaper
wasn't hung just perfefctly.  It was green and white vertical stripes
and matched the beautiful kelly green carpet.  I told her that this
place looked great for a dorm room and she outhgtn't worry about it.</p>

<p class=dream>On the train full of YRUUers as we all rode toward the
Eiffel Tower (?) this ex-youth from California whose last name is
White - he was on Youth Council..  anyway, he was driving the train
and we reached the end of the line and he was going a bit too quickly
so they train's emergency braking system had to be used, but no damage
occurred and the stop wasn't all that ahard and I wouldn't have even
noticed had I not seen us go past the end of the line.</p>

<p class=dream>Shira got a tad injured in the stop, like got a slight
puncture wound in her leg or something, but I couldn't really figure
out how that had happened and she wouldn't tell anyone.  But that's cool</p>

<p class=dream>Erin and Rosemary hooked up which was surprising to
most people but they were okay with it so everyone else was too.</p>

###comments


<p><b>Name:</b> geno

<p><b>Email:</b> generx@ *redacted*

<p><b>Quickly:</b> What are you up to lately?

<p><b>Subject:</b> catchin up

<p><b>Comment:</b>
<br>hey man sorry I have been out of touch wt ytou, I have really been quite taken up by the events in the life of gene....oh well ihope you arew cool take care.  btw my number hasnt changed and check this out if you get a moment...(its still work in progress but stilll,   www.genecura.us

