---
title: Work
tags: 
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2003-04-21
---

<p class=date>7:53am JST Tuesday 22 April 2003</p>

<p>Wow.  I'm surprised that I've not written in two days.  I worked at
Tsunashima on Sunday and Monday; it's like a vacation compared to
working at Kawasaki.  Plus Janis is tall and pretty and she's an easy
boss to work for 'far as I can tell.  She's practically married to
Corey though, who works at my school, which is good because it helped
me quickly get past all that wow you're hot stage.</p>

<p>I got two free lessons, one voice and one MtM (I really wish they
had called it One on One instead of propogating our patriarchal
society), and only 1 person in the voice room for my second voice (we
exchanged world travel stories; she's been to Giza and Thailand and
other fly places I didn't know existed) and a few man to mans and only
one lesson with 3 students.  That was a 7B but they were relatively
high 7Bs.  Compared to the other 7Bs I had yesterday.</p>

<p>Oh, and I had two level 3s!  Plus the woman in voice was level 3.
Easy shmeezy.</p>

<p>Nearly all of my lessons were just yammering in English, though I
did focus on drills for certain language structures.  Or tossed in
good vocab for the level 3s.</p>

<p>For my other level 3, against one of the main rules in the Nova
classroom, I wrote in hiragana when she told me a cool place to visit,
Hakkode (I think (good thing I wrote it down)) and she was like "wow
you're writing very well" or some shit and I showed her one of the
kanji I know (for tree, which looks kinda like a tree)</p>

<p>For the record, I know the kanji for river, mountain, tree, book,
wood,  and forest.  The last four are all simple variants of tree,
which is easy.  I only know how to pronounce river "kawa" (because
it's part of the name Kawasaki) and mountain "yama" (cause it's common
at the end of train station names) and tree "ki" cause it's part of my
friend Rie's last name.  (Aoki, "blue tree")</p>

<p>Showertime now, then studytime.  I've got a class at 10-noon then
Andrew and I are going to meet at Ginza at 1pm.</p>

