---
title: Today
tags: []
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2003-04-23
---

<p class=date>8:41am JST Wednesday 23 April 2003</p>

<p>Today I saw a man systematically washing three traffic cones before
he put them on the sidewalk in front of his store.  It seems they are
washed with care each day.</p>

<p class=date>2:38pm</p>

<p>Also today:</p>

<p>I had walked to Tsunashima station to purchase flash cards, but the
store was closed.  That's when I saw the cat washing traffic cones.</p>

<p>I jumped on the express train toward Okurayama, but the express
doesn't stop there, so I had to take the local train back one
station.</p>

<p>While walking from Okurayama to the International Lounge, I found
another stationery store.  This seemed to be a sole proprietorship
since the guy behind the counter was older and a bit sneezy/sick.  I
figure an old cat wouldn't work at a cashier job unless he owned the
place, and a cashier wouldn't work somewhere while sick unless s/he
owned the place.</p>

<p>He had the exact cards I was looking for.  But he also had some
*better* cards than what I had been looking for!  These were cards
designed to be flashcards, all with a hole punched in one end and a
key ring holding them together.  I coulda gotten Hello Kitty cards,
but they cost more for fewer cards.  Sorry, cat; you're not that
cute.</p>

<p>I bought two sets of these.</p>

<p>Met with Koko and she spent 2 hours giving me a pile of Japanese
language and some kanji: push, pull, open, close, Sunday - Saturday,
month names, telling time, and some common greetings.</p>

<p>Funny was when she asked a question in Japanese and I was like, "je
ne sais pas" (sp!) and she recognized it as French.</p>

<p>My brain was quite full at the end of that.  Then we yammered in
mostly English for almost 2 hours.</p>

<p>At the end, she gave me a card that says in Japanese, "yo yo, cops,
chill; we loaned our bike to this cat." and gave me the key to her
mom's bicycle!  Wowwwzers!  And, gads, I don't have a gift for her in
return, but even worse, I didn't pay her 100 yen for the lesson!
Maybe the two hours of English yammering balances it all out.  But
I'll still get her (mom) a gift of some variety.</p>

<p>The tires were low on air so I walked the bike back home until I
passed a bike shop and paid 250 yen to have him replace the equivalent
of valve stems and air it up.</p>

<p>The locking mechanism was high on friction so I used a little
vegetable oil to fix it right up.</p>

<p>Now I've got a bike!</p>

<p class=date>3:19pm</p>

<p>Whoooooooo my bike is fast!!  So fast compared to walking.  Holy
shit!</p>

<p class=date>4:04pm</p>

<p>You know that rule "don't go shopping on an empty stomach?"</p>

<p>I broke that rule.  But (!!!!) my bike is so fast that I'm already
back from breaking the rule *and* have already eaten some of the
evidence.</p>

<p class=date>9:51pm</p>

<p>Fell asleep studying (that kinda thing happens when I study while
lying down in bed) and I've just worked on cleaning the kitchen for a
bit over an hour.  Add that to the list of things I've done today but
didn't actually plan to do.  The crusty layers of hardened grease on
the stove burner things is pretty disgusting.  I've gotten one of them
almost clean.  Haven't really touched the other, but it's been soaking
in hot soapy water for a while.</p>

<p>Frank is still at work and will be home probably in 20 minutes,
assuming he gets out right at 9.  Hey!  It's well past nine.   I'm
silly.  I dunno where Frank is.  Matty left about an hour ago to
return movies, but he's not back either.  [shrug]</p>

<p>I finished my cherry blossom mass email and I'll be sending that
out later tonight when I visit the internet cafe.  Gonna first write
one more letter to Gail from <a
href="http://www.geeky-boy.com/cgi-bin/bbs_thingie/showall">BBST</a>
as thanks for sending me red plaid flannel jammies ("jammy jams" as
Matty calls them).  I've worn them most nights since I got 'em.</p>

