---
title: day
tags: 
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2003-04-28
---

<p class=date>12:02am JST Tuesday 29 April 2003</p>

<p>At work, at one point I felt completely devastatingly sad for no
apparent reason, except that I haven't been hugged in over a month and
I'm living in a foreign country with no close friends.. so when I had
my three week evaluation, and Steve said, "you're getting better"
regarding my overall performance, I was nearly like, "dear god oh
thank you thank you," even though under the table I had been giving him
the finger with both hands while listening to him carry on.</p>

<p>God I'm immature for doing that, and a wuss for not telling him
what I think.</p>

<p>Or maybe I'm just coping any way I know how without making too many
waves.</p>

<p>sigh.</p>

<p>- - - -</p>

<p>During work, after my evaluation, Carla asked me about it.  And she
seemed truly interested.  Like.. wow.  <em>Really?  you care?</em> I
thought.  I didn't really tell her everything cause 10 other teachers
were in the room and I might have blurted how much I think Steve is a
big weird Nova freak, but I did say that I was told that I'm getting
better, something I didn't expect to hear.</p>

<p>- - - -</p>

<p>After that, at some point I was just.... ready to scream or implode
cause I couldn't think of anything helpful to say about the students I 
just had; I couldn't even remember anything from the lesson and I was 
just like in a brain overload freakout state and Carla asked if I was 
okay or something.. oh I know what it was; I had the files she needed 
for her next class and she was like, "are you done with them yet?" and 
I'm like "no; I'm dying here," or something like that, and she was like,
"can I help you get your next files?"</p>

<p>"Oh my god that would be great" and in about 2 seconds, magically
she had gotten all my files *and* noted that I had already chosen
lesson 18 for that class, and she put the folders into an appropriate
lesson binder on page 18.</p>

<p>"Here you go; here's your files."</p>

<p>On the way out of the office, I walked out with Carla and told her
about having successfully navigated to my post office to get a package
from "one of my ex-youth" and I told her about YRUU and how I
supported them so long and how they still love me and send packages
and I'm the luckiest cat in Japan, etc.</p>

<p>As we parted I was like, "really thank you so much for helping me
today" and she was like, "oh no that was easy; it's just cause I've
been doing it for so many years."</p>

<p>(We joke in the office that Carla is turning Japanese, cause she
does a lot of the same mannerisms as the Japanese women do in classes
when they are thinking.  They do a Scooby Doo sounding "rooaeh?" and
now she does too, anytime she hears something confusing or
surprising.)</p>

<p>- - - -</p>

<p>Then I was like, "bye" and went through a little fantasy scenario
where I turn her down for any romantic interests because of janette
(and it would be just far too messy to date anyone at work, or even in
Nova at all) even though Carla hasn't done anything vaguely romantic
toward me whatsoever.</p>

<p>- - - -</p>

<p>Lonely anonymous ride on the way home and found the bus stop where
I'm encouraged to get the bus to get my bike but was too afraid to get
on and talk to the driver and Annie's email in my head "I was afraid"
etc until she just realized it was silly to be afraid and even with
her cheerleading, I couldn't get myself to get on that bus, even
though I knew it was the right bus.  Part of my head argued that it
was a pretty cheap fare and I'd get to expand my horizons and maybe
make a friend, but another part of my head was all, "aw c'mon man it's
late and them fuckers probably aren't open and what if you get lost on
the way home and it's pretty late after a long day at work."  The
second part of my brain won and I went home.</p>

<p>Ate chocolate and orange juice and crab salad.</p>



###comments


<p><b>Name:</b> j

<p><b>Email:</b> <a href="mailto:dreamon412@hotmail.com">dreamon412@hotmail.com</a>

<p><b>Subject:</b> fantasy turndown

<p><b>Comment:</b>
<br>  thanks for staying true even in your make-believe world.  i appreciate it cuz of the obvious resons.  what is not so obvious, maybe, is how you seem to be closer to  conquering a weaker part of yourself, by relating to women on a more person to person mode without sex driven agendas, holding on to a higher integrity for your own highest good.<br>
  (am i assuming too much from this?) that's how it reads from here.  <br>
  good job, mate.

