---
title: Koko
tags: []
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2003-04-30
---

<p class=date>11:09am JST Wednesday 30 April 2003</p>

<p>Oh my gosh oh my gosh oh my gosh how can I thank Koko enough?</p>

<p>We're at the bank, and she's leading me through the process of
getting cash out (can't use the bank book at all??) and cancelling my
old card and getting a new card...  But they need my gaijin card
(alien ID) card so now we're at the ward office where I got my first
gaijin card.</p>

<p>But get <em>this</em>: they will not use another print of the same
photo I used for the first card.  A month ago I got my picture made in
a photo booth.  Four passport sized photos came out.  I gave them
these photos.  They used two and they gave me back two.</p>

<p>So today I brought the remaining two and the cat remembered me and
said they cannot use them.  I must get new photos.  The rule is
<em>inflexible</em>, as translated by Koko.</p>

<p>That's fuckin' freaky.  Koko agrees that it's strange and can't
explain it.</p>

<p>So we visited the photo booth and my new photos are of me unshaved,
with longer hair.  Longer enough that the difference is noticable, but
not like a shaggy dog.</p>

<p>I wanted to get photos-stickers of Koko and I to commemerate this
wild day (her phone has mysteriously quit; she called her mom and it
worked fine, but the next time she opened it... nothing) but that
particular booth doesn't make sticker pictures, just plain ol'
pics.</p>

<p>One reason I want to get photos is for her shirt.  On the front it
says in big letters: "CUM!" and on the back in two lines across the
bottom: "a feeling everybody can be happy with."</p>

<p>I wonder if we can get the bike today; my sense is that I'll need
her to vouch/prove I may use it, but if she is with me, we can't both
ride it home.  And we can't put it on the bus.  I haven't seen bike
racks on buses here like in Cali.</p>

<p>- - - -</p>

<p>Speaking of racks, the bike rack that I used for my bike that
fateful day was not exactly a bike rack.</p>

<p>It was a frame to hold the sign: "BICYCLE PARKING FORBIDDEN"</p>

<p><em>Next</em> to the rack, er sign, is okay.</p>

<p class=date>2:34pm</p>

<p>Last night, Matty said "bad things happen in threes; you're in for
something else, mate."</p>

<p>Today with Koko, after I withdrew 80,000 yen from my bank, leaving
a lovely 40,000 yen worth of zeros (too bad it wasn't a 1 with
40,000 zeros!), I bought the photos, some stamps, and then a chain
wallet.  At the 100 yen store, I discovered I had only 71,000 yen
left.  Somehow I had lost 8,000 yen ($70 or so).</p>

<p>Release, release, release.</p>

<p>Koko seemed more upset than I.  I woulda been more upset if
it was the first thing I had lost recently, but now I'm just like,
8000 yen.  meh.</p>

<p>We're now at the Do Co Mo phone shop trying to revive her
phone.</p>

<p class=date>4:24pm</p>

<p>Phone is revived, but not necessarily stable.  They said buy a new
one (of course) and I suggested see how long it lasts.</p>

<p>Lunch = done.  First-Kitchen is a slightly better than fast food
kinda place.  But smoking is allowed inside.  Ew.</p>

<p>But here's the real awesome thing: Koko and I were stuck on how to
get her and me to the bike place and back again with a bike.  Koko's
mom to the rescue: she'll drive us there.</p>

<p>Oh my gosh what can I do for Koko's mom to thank her
enoughly???</p>

<p>- - - -</p>

<p>So is that it?  With a bike will I be back on track, stable, good,
etcetera?  Almost..  I still don't know fo'sheezy where I can legally
park the bike, and I don't have my gaijin card replaced (that will be
ready after 14 May) and I don't have a replacement bank card (until
after the gaijin card comes back)</p>

<p>Oh, and I need to call my US bank to have them cancel that
card.</p>
