---
title: Dream
tags: dream, 
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2002-05-03
---

<p class=date>8:am 3-5-02

<p class=note>dream</p>

<p class=dream>with Tammy/Lee-eh and some one who might have been my
gay friend Kenneth from gymnastics outside in a Target parking lot, and
we were getting in to Tammy's car, but we were arbitrarily trying to
make it more difficult in the following way.  We all had to remain
in physical contact with one another, 9touching the hand of someone
else in the group, and had to get in on opposite sides of the car.</p>

<p class=dream>I got in first and Tammy got in after me (o the same
side) but had to crawl over me to get into the middle seat, and the
Kenneth had to climber over the to of the car to get in the other side
of the car, but he had to remain holding my hand the entire time.</p>

<p class=dream>Must have been plasticman, cause he was ale to do it
without regrabbing my or tammy's had through the sun roof or the other
side of the car, and when he got there the door was locked, so I threw
him the keys up through the sunroof, all the while my left arm was out
the left hand door and still touching his hand as he was standing on
the right had side of the car.</p>

<p class=dream>- - -</p>

<p class=dream>A couple of times I decided to write down the dream,
but I only dreamt I was writing it down.  and I was curious why Lee-eh
and Tammy seemed interchangeable in the dream, and Kenneth and Marcel
seemed interchangeable</p>

<p class=dream>Tammy I haven't seen in years, is a ex g/f friend is
gay, while tall, and lee-eh I have only hugged a shook hands wit, is a
current friend, and is short and japanese and I know nothing of her
orientation, but I know she has a had a boyfriend</p>

<p class=dream>Kenneth is black and gay and I haven't seen him in
years ad marcel is recent friend and is anti-gay and white thinks gay
is bad because the bible says so.</p>



