---
title: OKC Rally
tags: []
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2002-05-25
---

<p class=date>9:25 am Saturday 25 May 2002</p>

<p>I'm at OKC Rally now, my favorite rally of the year besides
houston.</p>

<p>Got to listen to Luren Olsen's story on the way up here; really
beautiful details she was offering of her recent triumphs and
non-triumphs.</p>

<p>Thank you Lauren.</p>

<p>Rode up here with David Johnston and Lauren in David's car.  This
was arranged the day before.  I told Katy to "tell all my peeps hi and
that I love them so much."</p>

<p>Such a blessing to receive so many hugs and stories upon arrival to
the rally.  I love you guys so so much and am so blesed y all of
you.</p>

<p>In the adisor meeting, I was all, "I just try to act like an
Eemplary Youth.  I'm right there with them playing talking, learning
their names, listeningg to their stories.  Each one out there is so
incredile and has so much to offer."</p>

<p>I brought a new frisbe for Sean. Haven't given it to him yet.</p>

<p>Bryn boldly led opening circle.  Awesome to reflect back on the
years.</p>

<p>My touch group was led by Noah; he read the Dr Seuss book about
Mulberry street. While we, er I mean people were throwing Skittles
everywhere and wrestling.</p>

<p>I told them the story of Jason Fricke being spoken to by the Easter
Buny "whatzzap eeeachh?" after Richard told us that he works as Maggie
Moo in pink dress cow suitt.</p>

<p>"I got a job as a cow," he said.  Funny.</p>

<p>Booty dancing with Scotty, Daniel, Edward, Bryn, Matt, Sean, Jo,
Tanner, Hillary, Edward, Ricahard, others, others.  We chose not to
get Steve's keys and retrieve MC Spell from the San Antonio van.
We'll do it tonight for the acttually scheduled Booty Dance, which is
in the YRUU room while the contra dance will be in the main room.  I
cheered at hearing we'l ave this alternatifve.</p>

<p>I slept a few hours just now.  3 or .</p>
