---
title: arrival
tags: []
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2000-08-07
---

<p class=date>8:21am Monday 7 August 2000

<p>Getting up was certainly a slight challenge after not sleeping
particularly long.  Super smooth fast drive to John and Maggie's house and
John drove me to the airport on his way to work.  Thanks, John!!

<p>We talked work stuff; he described his travel-filled job; I described the
fun bouncy ball applet I wrote.

<p>At the airport now, and going through the metal detector, I started
pulling out all my stuff - camera, Visor, keyboard... and the guy was all
impressed with the keyboard.  Yay!  I love my Visor.

<p>Bought two AAA batteries for $3.69 + tax in case I need them this week.

<p>Flight leaves at 9:00am

<p class=date>9:17am

<p>In the air without incident.  Talkative older men behind me.  Reading
steering committee minutes from their semi-annual meetings.

<p class=date>10:00

<p>They gave out little granola packets instead of peanuts or raisins and I
love it!!!  I ate three little packets.  And <em>just</em> as I was planning
to write this entry, the guy across the aisle from me was all, "this is
terrible," giving the bag to the stewardess,  "do you have <em>anything</em>
else?"

<p>Come on, man, this stuff is great!!

<p class=date>11:45

<p>just arrived.  flight was smooth but a tad bumpy at the end..  just
coming down through the cloud layers..  I read a lot of minutes from
Steering Committee's meetings.  Took notes and made lots of comments too..
Odd that I don't have a pen or blank paper with me - just my Visor.  what an
irony.   :-)

<p class=date>12:03

<p>My favorite thing about Atlanta airport is the crazy fun underground
train!  It's speedy and has huge windows to view the walls wizzing by the
track.  One time I spent many many minutes riding this train system around,
just watching, and being most intrigued by the way the trains change
direction at the end of the line.  I can hardly describe it, but suffice
that there are great moving metal thingies and electric connectors and all
variety of spooky  subway sunderground stuff.

<p>I'm at the last stop now.   the end is next.

<p>yellow light moving us to the left over a crossing thing that rotates
depending  on the direction of train travel.

<p>now at the end with dusy dry tracks and no grease past.  so freaky!

<p>Now we're at concourse E again, and this time on the other side of the
tunnel system.

<p>Interesting that there's an apparent  branch, but it goes straight under
a cement block wall.  How is that?  does the wall move?  Is it old stuff?
the previous end of the line?

<p class=date>13:29

<p>on the next plane now.   there were hints of delay, but apparently all is
good and they are trying to get us out on time.  I saw Maia!!  I also saw
Kayle before I knew his name.  I knew he was YRUU from his outfit.  Sloppy
and functional.  A great traveler.   There was a YRUU age girl on the train
at one point, but I dismissed her YRUU-ness because her pants were too clean
and perfect.

<p>I don't see Steve F..  I thought he was supposed to be on this flight.

<p class=date>13:36  ?

<p>oh oh oh and I am sitting right next to the prop.  John and I talked
about how cool it was to sit in these seats with the exact edge on view of
the propellor.  And that's where I am.  In the aisle, but hey.

<p class=date>14:05

<p>have reached 10,000 feet on our way up to 16,000 feet.  So cool to see
the propellor blades rotate on their attachment axis.  (what's that called?
oh, "the pitch")

<p>The flight is hardly full; I moved over to two empty seats on the other
side of the plane.  I don't get the direct on view of the prop, but I get
two seats!
<br>And the lovely granola again!

<p>In the inflight magazine I found an envelope for <a
href="https://www.snapfish.com">snapfish.com</a> who say they will develop my
film for $1.69 and scan the images online.  Nice!  I'll try them out.

<p class=date>14:13

<p>I am blessed with two AA batteries that I just found in the seat pocket
in front of me.  I hope I can present them to somebody who needs them.

<p class=date>14:17pm

<p>Hahahahahahaa!!!!!  In the other seat pocket I found a note written on
the barf bag! It's written with purple marker in 12 or 14 year old girl
handwriting:

<p><pre>
Hi!!!
Well I hope
you have a
safe flight.
If some one
reads this that
means my flight
made it & its
now your turrn!
Have fun & I
hope you make
it!
      <b>BYE</b>
</pre>

<p>That is hilarious!!   No date on it though.  Doh!

<p class=date>14:30pm

<p>the captain just came on the mic, "We're about 70 miles outside of ...."
pause "tri-cities, and as you can see there is significant thundercloud
activity."   (Actually  I cannot see anything but white fluffy clouds.)
"Expect some pretty good bumps on the way in."   Nice.

<p class=date>14:33

<p>bump dip.  lose the stomach for a bit.

<p class=date>15:20pm

<p>Late arrival; no more bumps; we had to fly around in a circle until the
weather passed.  Duncan greeted us at the top of the stairs; Kayle went
straight to the bus.  Maia and I are waiting for luggage now.

<p class=date>18:02

<p>Bus ride was fun; I met Kayle moreso and Mother Staples and Blue
(Stacey).

<p>Unloaded the bus and then registration and dinner.  My pic for the
mugbook is of me laying in the flowerbed.  Dinner was great and great
variety!

<p>The adults sat together and we talked and pretty much most of the
thoughts that I thought were all brought up.. interesting..

<p class=date>18:05

<p>HAHAHAHHAHAAHAHAHAAA!!!  The Steering Committee opened the meeting with a
hilarious Beastie Boys  medley!!! Old school B-Boys re-worded with an intro
to the meeting and Steering Committee members.  They reworded "Paul Revere"
and "Girls" from Licnesed to Ill.

<p class=date>19:38

<p>Fun energy break song:

<pre>
"Father Abrahm
had 7 sons,
and 7 sons
had father abraham,
and they didn't laugh
and they didn't cry
all they did was go like this.
with the left,
with the right,
with the left,
with the right,
with the head,
with the butt,
with the gut,
with the tongue...
</pre>

<p>You had to be there.

<p class=date>19:56

<p>Exploring different techniques for how we can do our anti racist
discussions..  there are concerns about logistics and communication.

<p class=date>22:50

<p> Talking with our touch group now in the hall.. just random BS stuff.  ..

<p>The first portion of anti-racism was cool - we described what things we
identify with. These groups were called Identity Groups.

<p>Micaela and Ginny(sp) came in during this portion (they had been at the
airport for quite a while) and got big hugs as they joined the group.

<p>Carissa said she is going skydiving..

<p class=date>22:57

<p class=message>wowo this is thing is amazing zaing zaing yup. i can type
alot. it's fun. i'm glad i've met you,,, yeah. you can capture the moment of
youth council in a moments time, like lighting speed yo, i am up.  i am up
in this piece yo... hee hee. have a good night. sleep tight take care love
blue.

<p class=date>23:50

<p>I am so tired; it feels so late.  I was falling asleep during worship,
the basis of which we had each individual decorate or write on a small piece
of paper and  place it around a chalice in the center of our circle.

<p>Back in the dorms now; Steve F and I have a room together.  About to go
to sleep!

<p class=date>12:40am Tuesday 8 August 2000

<p>I took a shower and back in our room with the light off so Steve could
sleep, I tried to be all quiet but seemed to bang or drop every conceivable
object in the room.  Steve is hopefully still sleeping.

<p>Good night.

