---
title: State of my life address
tags: soml
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2015-02-04T16:07:37+09:00
---

## 16:32 Wednesday 04 February 2015 JST

1. TL;DR: I'm really happy with my situation right now.

1. I'm working for a few different people/companies, going to
different places each day.  Mostly I'm teaching English, but also
doing website work for AB and probably do some more website work for a
different project, "coming soon"

1. On new moon weekends, I've been attending
[Tokyo ET Contact](www.meetup.com/Tokyo-ET-Contact-Group/) meetups,
organized by Mark, and on some other weekends, I've been attending
[Tokyo Reiki Circle](http://www.meetup.com/Tokyo-Reiki-Circle/)
meetups.  When there's a conflict, I go with ET group because it's
only once a month.

1. Otherwise, I have a lot of free time to fitz around with my
website, chat with Fred online, make art, meditate, and play with the
cats.

1. Oh, and free time to do laundry and think about cleaning and cooking!

1. Lin is back in real estate, coming home each night saying she had a
good day.  I'm super happy about that!

1. Lin seems to only be able to relax if the house is clean, which I
know, but don't really understand.  I'm often like, "yo baby don't
worry about it" and sometimes help her clean, but egad it already
seems clean enough to me!  Plus it's just gonna get dirty again
anyway!

1. We have a subscription to Hulu and watch movies on it pretty
regularly; maybe 3 per week.

1. I'm considering moving from Hakyll to Pelican since I'm
too... lazy/disinterested in learning Haskell, and my knight in
programming armor has gotten too busy to add the extras to what he
made already.

1.  I'm still evaluating Pelican, though.  Need to make sure I can
make it do the things I want, which I haven't necessarily defined
well.

    a. pagination
    b. calendar
    c. Dream CSS
	d. tags
    e. categories
    f. date based on filename and meta data
    g. images
    h. Unity apps

1. 1% chance I will split my non-art categories from my wiki to static
pages on my site.  Actually yeah that's a pretty good idea; the only
reason I have art on wiki is so that other people can edit the pages
for the particular piece they obtained. So let's say it's a 2% chance
= 100% chance I think it's a great idea now * 1/50 ability to
prioritize it anytime soon.

1. I think I'll make a category called "ridiculous" or something; it
can hold my R.O.B.O.T. pages and other crap I pooped out some years
ago.

1. I've switched robnugen.com to use www.robnugen.com; Travis
explained that having domain names which are substrings of other
domain names is a (Javascript?) security hole.

1. I'm going to let airplaneday.com and isfuzzywilltravel.com expire;
I've not don't shit with those domains in years so they're just
wasting money.  Oh, and pekoneko.com.  That was for Hitomi.

1.  I want to evaluate my robnugen.com subdomains.  Some of them are
shit; some are empty.  I will move each one to its own (virtual)
server, or wipe it off the proverbial face of the internet.

1.
Definitely want to keep the following:

    a. wiki.robnugen.com (for my art)
    b. art.robnugen.com (shortlinks to my art)
    c. www.robnugen.com (blog and shit (hopefully all static))
    
1. without looking at what exists, I can't think of any others I care about.

1. I was going to be in a drug trial at CPC for the first two weeks of
this month (Feb 2015) but I wasn't selected after passing the initial
medical check.  I guess it was a lottery-type selection process.

1. Tariq and I have switched to Unity for further app
development. It's become clear that I'm unable to keep up with the iOS
updates, plus I'm definitely not able to write for Android, etc, while
writing for iOS so we're hoping Unity can help deploy to multiple
platforms.

1. So far, I've just done the first roll-a-ball tutorial, and expanded
on that a little bit.  I've not even figured out a cool and consistent
way to ... oh I know.. there's gotta be a reasonable way to do it with
Pelican.  I just want to slap the files on my site, optionally with
links to source code.

1. I read on Reddit someone suggesting that *all* software will be
open source in the future.  I guess it's a nice idea, and I hope it
comes to pass, but I dunno.  Smert algorithms could keep up with the
pace of development without the need for an army of devs + testers.

1. I'm happy to open source any programming projects I write on my
own, but interestingly, I'm not yet willing to open source my art.
I'm not sure why, though.

1. Lin and I live in Kawasaki.  I've sent four (4) postcards on
[postcrossing.com](https://www.postcrossing.com/), and received two
(2).

1. I've sent a few emails encrypted with PGP (GPG) extension on
Thunderbird.  Still haven't quite sorted out how to do all the key
(signing) business, but it's definitely interesting stuff.

1. I'm looking forward to some of Andrew Basiago's statements about
the future come to pass.

1. I have taught a few substitute lessons at Toshiba, but don't yet
have a consistent schedule there.  They've got some really interesting
exhibits, about which I enjoy learning more.

1.  We have two cats (Jennie and Ted), but zero dogs or kids.  Jennie
and Ted are getting along pretty well, and have been peeing in their
designated place for a while.  I would love to let them outside, but
we agreed upon their adoption that we'd keep them inside, safe from
city life.

1.  I pretty regularly can "pop" my neck, by tilting my head
backwards.  I'm sue that's a symptom of 'text neck', so I've been
trying to maintain better posture, but it's hard to do so with my
current lifestyle.

1.  I don't have a train pass because I don't use the trains enough
times in a month to make it worthwhile.

1.  I haven't spoken with my dad in a bit; maybe I'll try to connect
with him soon.

1.  Holy shit I just saw a Japanese(?) couple embrace with long hug
and passionate kiss.  They hugged for more than like 15 seconds each
time, and he held her face and kissed her.  So happy for them!
