---
title: dream
tags: dream
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2015-02-22T02:52:00+09:00
---

##02:52 Sunday 22 February 2015 JST##

Sleeping now in meditation room below pyramid.  Completely dark and quiet.

##08:05 Sunday 22 February 2015 JST##

<div class="dream">Dreamt Japan was at war and Tokyo had been
attacked.  We were all on a wall outside a highway and scrambled up the
wall when we heard the news.  I tried to put on my armor and as I
watched from bird's eye perspective, an enemy truck invaded the town.
It was more like a "monster truck" chassis, all very flat, with no
structure taller than the wheels (so it could flip upside down and
still roll).  Some of our trucks tried to ram its axles to disable it,
but they were ineffective.

Bryn came to the city for a vacation and I had to tell her we were at
war. she was like, "what?" as if she hadn't heard me.  She couldn't
believe it by looking around; everything seemed fine.  I said we can't
stop here and have to keep walking to another area where we'd be safe
(outside Tokyo).
</div>

- - - - -

<div class="dream">
Looking at my left leg + foot skeleton (femur to phalanges), which had
been removed from my body, I was confused how I was still able to
stand on my apparently existing legs.  I determined it was my left leg
that had been removed by looking at the foot of the dismembered limb;
the flesh was (suddenly) all intact, and I could see the big toe, and
could see a large scar on the bottom of the foot.

I was like "yep there's my scar," (*) and thought it was interesting to
easily see it up close now that it had been removed from my body.

My friend was like wow let me see that as he was flexing it then he goes
wow your feet are big!  I go yep!  30シェンチ (Japanese for 30 cm)
</div>

(*) I don't have such a scar in real life, though I did cut the bottom
of my foot one time (though I don't currently recall if it was my left
or right foot)

- - -

I woke up realizing I hadn't written the war dream when I first had
it; I guess it was a couple hours ago, and I've lost some detail

*OH!* there were US coin in my dream:

<div class="dream">The US penny had been switched back to wheat
pennies Lincoln pennies were stuck for fifty years and then wheat
pennies were being struck again, and I was reading or watching an
article on the change.

"The face of Lincoln and the numeral 1 make it easy for anyone to
identify the penny" some narration was extolling the penny's virtues.
"Even a person from Palestine can quickly see its value. Some people
think the new wheat pennies are a regression in style, but others are
happy to see the change."
</div>

No pun intended

- - - -

Note this is the second time I dreamt about war and coins (including a
concept of history) after ET Contact meetup nights.  These motifs are
certainly not common in my "normal" dreams!

A few times while sleeping last night, I bent my legs up to my chest
(to help relax my lower back), but this lifted my futon cover too much
so I got cold and put them back down.

------

### below this line is as I originally typed at 8:05 this morning.

805


<div class="dream">
Dreamt Japan was at wa and Toko had been attacked.  We were all on a
wall ouside a highway and scrambled up the wall when heard the news.
I tried to put on my armor and as I watched some trucks attack other
trucks and ot be able to to be stopped themselves.

Bryn came to the city for a vacation and I had to tell her we are at
war. she couldn't believe it by looking around; everything seemed
fine.  I said we can't stop here and have to keep walking to another
area where we'd be safe (outside Tokyo)
</div>


----

<div class="dream">
Loking at my left leg bone, ones whihc had been romoved at the hips, I
was confused how I was still able to stand.  I determine it was my
left leg by looking at the foot; I could see the big toe, and could
see a large scar on the bottom of myfoot.  I was like yep there's my
scar; hmmm interesting to see it up close" though I don't have sucha
ascar in real life.  My friend was like wow let me see that as he ws
flexing it then he goes wow your feet are big!  I got yep!  sanjyu
centi (Japnese for 30 cm)
</div>

- - -

I woke up realizing I hadn't written the war dream when I first had it; I guess it was a couple hours ago, and I've lost some detail


OH  there were US coin in my dream

<div class="dream">
Pennie had beenswitched back to wheat pennies Lincold pennie were
stuck for fifty years and then wheat pennie were being sturck again,
and I was reading or watching an article on the change.

The face of Lincoln and the numeral 1 make it easy for anyone to
identify the penny " some narration was extolling the pennnies
virtues.  "Even a person form Palestine can quickly see its value Some
popele think the new wheat pennies are a regression in style, but
others are mixed."
</div>


- --

Note this is the

Dreaming about war and coins (nor the history of coins) isn't
particularly common for me, but has happened twice after ET contact
meetups.

A few times while sleeping, I bent my legs up to my chest (to help
relax my lower back), but this lifted my futon cover too much so I put
them back down.
