---
title: Dream
tags: dream
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2003-10-02
---

<p class=date>7:11am JST Thursday 2 October 2003</p>

<p class=dream>In the restroom, sitting on the john at work when Guy
came in and sat on the throne across from me.  I was surprised that no
divider separated us, but we just talked like it was no big deal,
though I was having a hard time excreting anything, and after just a
ridiculously long time, I used my fingers and realized that my number
2 was lodged up in me sideways and would *never* have come out without
assistance.  After I finished, I went back to where everyone was in a
school type situation, at an assembly at the end of the semester,
after all the dorm residents had cleaned out their rooms so they could
be cleaned / sprayed / etc during the winter break.  I was in the
assembly where some social upheaval had taken place because Buzz
Lightyear was the class favorite, a fact which he had prior knowledge
of, so he didn't sit next to Betty Crocker because he didn't want to
be next to her when the announcement was made.  She was all upset and
all the cameras were watching her reaction and asking her questions
and I really had to poop <em>again</em> so I put on my shoes and ran
over to my coat and backpack, trying to optimize my time so I
distinctly wondered which I should put on first, and finally decided
on coat *then* backpack, and I ran at super high speed alternating
between high speed and low speed but long floating steps down the
hallway and gingerly busted through a door making sure I didn't
destroy a student standing slowly nearby and down the next hall and
outside and about to bust through the gate, but I noticed it was
Locked.</p>

<p class=dream>So I checked the next gate and it was locked and
realized they were all locked because the semester was over and we
weren't supposed to be in the dorms at all, and I wondered how I was
going to go number 2, but I ascended the fence anyway and went up to
the building wondering if it would be unlocked, and it was.  I
carefully walked up the steps and woke up.</p>
