---
title: AM
tags: []
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2003-10-04
---

<p class=date>11:27am JST Saturday 4 October 2003</p>

<p>Haha just talked to some Japanese with a couple Japanese words and
they were all impressed.  We were scopin' the map and a woman came up
to us, "may I help you?"  (note to Japanese: this is a very good thing
to do) and we asked her about some of the temples; on our map there is
a picture of a monkey, and I want to know if there are really monkeys
there or if it's just to make the map cute or what.  She didn't say
"yes there are monkeys ," but avoided the question by saying what
there *was* in the area, name of temple, etc, which might mean there
are no monkeys there; I dunno.  But then a guy came up on a bicycle
and started talking to her in Japanese and she translated for him and
then he spoke in English "go straight 15 minutes" and then he put out
his left hand to say turn left, but couldn't think of the word left so
I said hidari, the Japanese word for left and they freaked, like
"whoah you know Japanese, dude!" and I was like, "choto choto
Japanese," but it was good anyway.</p>

<p>The level of Japanese conversation I want is to get around on the
streets, asking people questions about where to eat and where to sleep
and where to see a good movie about vampires (oops there's some higher
level vocab) that kinda thing. Getting closer to that goal.</p>

<p>Right now I'm standing in the streets of Kyoto waiting for janette
while she browses throught a fabric shop.  She must really like it;
she's been in there a while.</p>

<p>- - - -</p>

<p>Heehee.  janette likes this shop.  She came out mentally wringing
her hands over what do do: "This fabric is perfect, but it's real
expensive. " She wanted to know if the fabric is silk and if it's old,
and something else, and I was like, "here" and gave her my translator.
Just type "silk" and show them the translation. Then type "old" and
show them the translation (Rob's Technique of Living in Japan).  She
wanted to know how to say those words.  And know if they take credit
cards. I was like, "go ask if they take credit cards now," wondering
if that would get her over the hump of asking about the things she
reallly cared about.  It did.</p>

<p>Few minutes later she came out, "yes they're silk.  Yes they're
old.  Yes they take credit cards.  Come buy some."</p>

<p>Nice.</p>

<p>"Do you mind waiting?"</p>

<p>Nope.</p>
