---
title: pm
tags: 
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2003-10-08
---

<p class=date>11:55pm JST Wednesday 8 October 2003</p>

<p>Went to Shinjuku where we heard some music that janette quickly and
correctly identified as Peruvian.  These cats were performing on the
sidewalk - 5 guys with guitars and electronic drums and wooden flutes
and shakers.  Watched with janette until I had to go meet Yumi for her
lesson at Gateway 21.</p>

<p>Lesson was fun; told her all about my vacation and tried to explain
the different between "talk" and "say."  eek; I don't think she quite
got it, but we came rather close I believe.  She asked though.  Ended
the lesson by planning our next lesson (next week, same bat time, same
bat channel) during which we may go seek ice cream!</p>

<p>Found janette talking to one of the Peruvian guys, who has been in
Tokyo for 10 or so years, performing gigs and on the street.  Pretty
cool beans.</p>

<p>Walked with janette to the NS Building and took her to the top
floor before she saw the huge clock.  She was awed by the view from
the bridge across the top of the middle of the building, though I was
less than awed: the lovely tile design that I expected to show off to
her had been covered by some black fabric and some sort of
demonstration with bright lights that could have been for a TV
studio.  And we saw what looked like a man on his back wearing only
blue pants.  An operating mock up?  hmmm.  Quite interesting.</p>

<p>Down to the 23rd floor, I showed her the door of the Nova head
office (we didn't go inside, though she liked the carpet in there),
and then to the first floor to discover, in fact, it was a mock up of
an operating room, with a rubber human with blue blanket folded up
over his legs lying on a bed with TV screens showing his vital
signs.</p>

<p>"Rubber heart bouncing consistently at 60 bounces per minute."</p>

<p>Stood in greater awe looking up at the <a
href="/images/travel/japan2003-2004/001_first_week/japan-Pages/Image2.html">giant
clock</a> on the wall which indicated 9:20pm.</p>

<p>Showed her the towers from which we can see the whole city ('cept
they were closed for the night) and then found the wind-blowable
statue thing was being blown more readily this night than I've ever
previously seen it.  Cool.</p>

<p>The moving sidewalks into Shinjuku station were off for the night,
but we got to see the Shinjuku Eye and janette almost correctly found
the correct-direction Yamanote line before I did.</p>

<p>In Shibuya we said HI to Hachiko once more and walked across the
sea of humanity intersection and ate at the Mexican place down the
street.</p>

<p>Came home and watched chiwawaworld.com ads.  Most are dumb, but one
is funny funny.</p>

<p>Bedtime.</p>
