---
title: day
tags: 
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2003-10-13
---

<p class=date>9:46am JST Monday 13 October 2003</p>

<p>It's basically warm today, thinking about being hot.  Awesome!  I
had concerns that we had seen the last of the hot weather for the
season.</p>

<p>Mmmmmmmmm.</p>

<p>Today is my first day to work early on Monday.  I'm arriving a tad
later than I had hoped, but I think it will be okay.</p>

<p class=date>10:01am</p>

<p>So. The shift swap request didn't go through; I'm "supposed" to be
here at 1:20pm today like every other Monday I've ever come to work at
Kawasaki.</p>

<p>Fuck.  Steve remembers asking me to sign the shift swap request,
and I did everything I was supposed to do, but it didn't get swapped.
The request was at his/Nova's request to cover Stephanie's schedule
(after she quit).   I decided it would be cool to get my weekend
started 4 hours earlier, so I was like "cool."</p>

<p>Bah.</p>

<p>Steve said sorry, but there's not much he can do. He will try and
shift the schedule around a bit to let me do something this morning.</p>

<p>This is Friday for me, and it's the 13th.  And I greedily bypassed
Nakayama the monk so I wouldn't 'have' to give him a dollar.</p>

<p>I'll definitely express my non-impressedness to Neil.</p>

<p class=date>6:47pm</p>

<p>One thing that impressed me least was that there was "nothing
[Steve] could do about it," like Nova usagi doesn't empower its
leaders to help the teachers.  Just get ground through the
beauracratic papermill.  But Steve did swap some classes around so I
only had to stay 1 lesson later than I would have had my 8 lessons
started at 10.</p>

<p>Though my free lesson near the end of the day didn't stay free, it
filled with a pretty student I haven't seen in a long time.  Nice to
talk to her again.</p>

<p>Didn't exchange contact information with her.  I'm not as free with
that anymore lately.</p>

<p>- - - -</p>

<p>Voice was fun; we talked about weather after an awesome storm blew
through the area today.  I woke up and it had rained, but the sun was
shining and it was basically hot.  Then in the afternoon a storm was
just like <em>rar</em>, blasting wind and rain everywhere.  An hour
later the sun was shining again like <em>what storm?</em></p>

<p>I got to tell them about hurricanes and tornadoes and cool storms
we have in Texas.</p>

