---
title: Crying
tags: 
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2003-10-17
---

<p class=date>9:45am JST Friday 17 October 2003</p>

<p>I'm crying in public now.  Not like bwuahh I'm a big fucking baby
crying, but tears and sniffles; I just want a friend in Japan.  It's
like I'm begging for friends cause I was walking back toward Shibuya
with Ayana and she had to stop to get pics and I'm like, "can I wait
for you?"  "No that's okay" "<em>May</em> I wait for you?"  "No, don't
worry."  Fuckin' hell I just want to talk with you for two minutes
longer.  Anything, please.</p>

<p>I'm broken hearted emotionally and have a hard time studying by
myself; I immerse myself in email and journaling and making to do
lists and don't study.  And then I'm happy to just talk to Ayana (pay
for friendship) because anything that looks like studying results in
my embarassment that I've not studied, but I can't study cause my mind
is awash in emotional distress from not having a friend.  It's a
vicious circle with no apparent end.</p>

<p>So I look to Nova students for friendship which I'm not allowed to
do by Nova's rules.  Most of the teachers have fun by going out and
smoke and drink.  The closest friend I've got is Cory, but he's
married practically to Janis</p>

<p>wah wah wah I'm a big fucking baby</p>

<p>My closest shot was Stephanie; but then she had to leave before we
really had time to hang out.  Didn't even really say Bye to her, just
"see you tomorrow" but tomorrow came with no Stephanie at work, and
the next day and then the next day she texted me, "I'm sick I'm outta
here."</p>

<p>Nami is so busy with work she never (*) emails me back</p>

<p>I've got myself so busy with shit that I never (*) give myself a
chance to cry nor hang out blah blah blahb albhablabhabl</p>

<p>(*) almost</p>

<p>- - - -</p>

<p>In positive news, I have just been contacted by a cat who</p>
