---
title: Bike delivery
tags: 
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2003-10-21
---

<title>bike delivery</title>
<p class=date>8:15am JST Tuesday 21 October 2003</p>

<p>Woke up at 6:30ish cause the NHK (?) (Japanese public radio) started
speaking in English and I was like, "wha?" cause it was no longer just
incomprehensible yammering slowly seeping into my brain.</p>

<p>Listened to the translations; tried to comprehend.  Of course the
Japanese was spoken quickly and the English translations slowly.  Not
as many listeners in my demographic.</p>

<p>Up, found an email from janette (she found a problem with the
search thing), shower, and took a million years to get dressed because
I don't like cold weather and hoped to discover some way around
experiencing it.</p>

<p>(It's not *really* cold today, but I'm planning ahead for when it
does get cold.)</p>

<p>Anyway, it was a challenge riding my bike with one hand while
monitoring the progress of Morisan's bike with the other.   It's not
something that I would like to do every day, but it is something that
I'd get better at doing if I did it every day.  Also, I would have a
really strong left hand.</p>

<p>Didn't hit any people, cars, bikes, netc (etc for a list of things
that are not included in the list) all the way here.  Even rode up the
short (4 meters long, 1.5 meters tall (when did I start thinking in
meters?)) incline at the International Lounge.</p>

<p>Parked Morisan's bike and rode to the local alcohol shop to get
some breakfast - a bag of shelled scallops with toothpick included.
Good protein, though a little salty.  Bought a Pocari Sweat
(translucent white, not yellow) and headed back to the Lounge.</p>

<p>Happy.</p>

<p>Walked up to the front.</p>

<pre>
      CLOSE
 Please come later
</pre>

<p>Sad.</p>

<p>- - - -</p>

<p>Aw man.  I don't want to drag the bike back home and back here next
week.  I considered writing a journal entry about what had happened so
far, but decided I could write it while waiting for a response from
Kobayashisan (who translated between Morisan and I that I would return
the bike today) on what to do.</p>

<p>Called her.  Watched a shinkansen go by as the phone rang.  Left a
message.</p>

<p>Thirty seconds later, a woman walked up the steps to open the
lounge.</p>

<p>"nevamind!" (*)</p>

<p>- - - -</p>

<p>The International Lounge staff noticed what I was eating.  "Kai,"
it's called.</p>

<p>"We usually eat these with alcohol."</p>

<p>"Really?   Today, Pocari Sweat."</p>

<p>"And never for breakfast."</p>

<p>"Ah."</p>

<p>Ah as in meh.</p>

<p>(*) Who here remembers Rosanne Rosanna Danna?  (I barely do)</p>
