---
title: Lunch
tags: 
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2003-10-21
---

<p class=date>5:24pm JST Tuesday 21 October 2003</p>

<p>The view from the top of the Prince Hotel in Yokohama is quite
impressive.  42nd floor is simply furnished with 3/4 couch type things
and small tables. Along the inside of this circular room, food is
available buffet style.  Wow.  I would definitely have taken janette
up here for lunch had I known about it.  I wonder how I can surprise
her with such a lunch.</p>

<p>Liz invited me to lunch with her.  She paid (sweet!) and we
yammered in Japanese a bit (mostly she yammered and I tried to catch
on slash keep up) and then in English, she asked me specifically about
the usage of "any" in various contexts and then (fruitlessly) asked me
some intricacies about baseball.</p>

<p>We flirted fo sheezy, but I'm a little uncomfortable with it
because I don't really trust her..  She always seems to be withholding
a bit of information, like she won't be totally honest.  Won't answer
questions, even after she says, "guess," and then just laughs at my
answers.  Stuff like how old her daughters are, um, okay that's the
only example of that, but then when I was like, "so when can we hang
out again?" she was totally evasive.  Just "Of course we can.  Later.
definitely later."</p>

<p>(( Carla was recently describing this phenomenon... actuallly it
was one of my students who said directly there is a habit in Japanese
culture of non-close-friends saying, "oh yeah, we'll go hang out
sometime," and then literally never doing it.  ((In the US we say,
"we'll have to get together sometime," or "give me a call sometime,"
which I guess is the same thing, but it doesn't seem as direct as "we
will hang out sometime."))  And then Carla was telling me her Japanese
friends always keep her at arms' length.  "It's so cool to have a
gaijin friend, but I can never meet their friends nor family." ))</p>

<p>So I was a bit put off by that, (damn am I imagining I can
recognize Japanese cultural patterns?) but what am I going to do about
it besides not really trust her?</p>

<p>The saddest part about it (that I can see) is I'm desperate for Japanese
friends and will therefore take this kind of "abuse" (treatment) for
lack of any other apparent options.  Except for my students, I have
only once had two consecutive hang out times planned.  That was
with Nami back when we went to Fujiku Highland (we planned that trip
and then planned a movie (T3) in the interim) and I literally haven't
seen her since ((even though I <em>still</em> owe her 10,000 yen!!!!))</p>
