---
title: Japanese restaurant lunch with Liz
tags: 
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2003-10-22
---

<p class=date>5:27pm JST Wednesday 22 October 2003</p>

<p>Didn't go to Hakkejima Seaside Paradise because it rained pretty
much all day.  Did however get a call from Liz and went to a
restaurant with her.</p>

<p>Things to remember, most of which were awesome:</p>

<ul>
<li><p>Car navigation with various convenience store locations
projected on the map</p></li>

<li><p>When the put the car into reverse to park, the navigation
turned into a screen displaying what was behind her! Little camera on
the back of the van shows what's going on back there and the predicted
direction (depending on how the wheels are aligned) was projected on
the screen!!</p></li>

<li><p>When she turned the car off, the sideview mirrors folded in
automatically! (to conserve space and keep from getting
banged)</p></li>

<li><p>Nice restaurant and when we arrived, we took off our shoes at
the door (this isn't done everywhere in Japan).  Our shoes were the
only shoes there. (but we were not the only customers)</p></li>

<li><p>The entire restaurant had tatami flooring.  2.5 foot squares
all over the place.  Fun to pad around on that in socks</p></li>

<li><p>Liz asked the staff to ask me all the questions so I could have
practice with listening and responding to/in Japanese.  I could hear
parts of what they said, but not really enough to do more than request
a non smoking area for two.</p></li>

<li><p>Because I tried so valiantly to speak Japanese, and this was
like a training for me, they put us in our own room designed for four
people.  One table in the room and sliding paper door.  Sliding paper
windowscreen to reveal a (small!) rock garden with bamboo in
pots</p></li>

<li><p>I got to ask the waitress what she recommended,
"isosomenandeska?"  (I think), and I got to try some new
foods</p></li>

<li><p>We ended up with a spread of different dishes, mostly in bowls
and a couple in plates.  One of her dishes was served in a miniature
wooden chest with three ceramic drawers.  How Japanese is that??  (I
woulda taken a picture, but I didn't have my camera.)</p></li>

<li><p>One of my dishes was served with a fire underneath it, and
another one was served in a bamboo box, all the pieces of which came
apart for cleaning.</p></li>

<li><p>Most of the food was soft and bland, but a couple had flavor.
I'd never had tofu as soft as this; it was like fresh
pudding.</p></li>

<li><p>I got to help her with ideas for her 14-15 year old exchange
student, telling her what to likely expect from that age.  I hope it
proves helpful.  I'm glad I was able to offer some insights.</p></li>
</ul>
###comments

<p><b>Name:</b> j

<p><b>Email:</b> janettebibby@ *redacted*

<p><b>Subject:</b> prince valiant

<p><b>Comment:</b>
<br>yay!! i am happy to read of these adventures. do you realize how wonderful you are?  dude!! you're in japan ,alone, not drinking and bangin lots o cute girls but doing the real deal-working and ordering food, in your socks, with friendly-type japanese people.  i'm so proud of you, rob.  i am so impressed with who you are. you are great and valiant.<br>
  (is food in your socks kinda messy?) 

