---
date: 2013-01-14T06:48:43+09:00
slug: dream-grampa-died-and-meeting-the-family
title: dream grampa died and meeting the family
tags: [ "dream", "journal" ]
---

##06:48 Monday 14 January 2013

_In a large store room with lots of old articles and stuff, I was talking to a young woman who had lived and played there for some years / her whole life. I found that I could hang from the ceiling slats that were spaced enough apart to get my hands between, so I was walking myself from beam to beam, suspended by my fingers. I was surprised at how well I could do it, and she joined me, and kinda chased me around on the ceiling as we walked our hands around hanging from the ceiling. I thought it would be fun to play hide and seek, so I went over to where she was and found she was just at that moment, already hiding, so she squirmed her way out of the very tight spot into which she had wriggled herself, and I was like ormg how can she do that? cause it was so tight; with floor boards scraping along all sides of her body like straw as she came out, lifting the floor with her torso. I was like, "I just considered playing hide and seek with you; do you want to look first or hide first?" and she said "hide first," I go, "okay, so I'll give you five minutes," and she looked like that wasn't long enough, "okay six minutes and then I'll come find you." and I thought "Oh what are the boundaries of the hiding area?" and as she was explaining, a guy came up behind her, but from outside the building, as he could see through the slats. She turned around as I said, "there's a guy behind you" in Japanese and she was like "oh hey it's you" and gave him a bit of a polite kiss through the slats. I introduced myself and then he gave us the news_

_grandpa had died so we were all preparing for the funeral. I went to the place that helps prepare the money donations and they were making a lot of money after he died. I paid them 10,000 yen and they gave me a wad of money , including 1000 yen notes, 5000 yen notes and 10,000 yen notes, and checks, one of which was from Robin Sykes. They gave the money to me in a crumpled wad and I held it in my hands with my crying eyes closed, saying a blessing for grandpa and placing it in a white decorative paper with the shape of a crane on top, woven out of bamboo. I put that in my pocket and carried it around, including back to the house. I didn't know the correct way to hold the paper so I asked someone at one point. They confirmed my suggestion of straight up. During the night, the money seems to keep falling out, and then I found it again remembering I had never taken it out of my pocket, or noticing that the wad was still in my pocket, but the decorative thing was in my hand._

_I had previously been in the house with Ma and Fred and Lin, sitting on the toilet in the bathroom, which had no walls. I noticed that the mirror on the sideways ceiling had a reflection of the stairwell below it (reflected in it), and a mockup of the stairwell around it, so only from that point on the toilet could we see the mockup surrounding a reflection of the actual thing which was the actual thing as much as possible. I wondered why I hadn't seen it before, but there it was plain as day. I took the time to write and we went out to the cars to prepare for the wedding, and Uncle Herb was behind me, being straight mean to me, accusing me of not correctly holding my money thing or wearing the right clothes, so I was trying to ignore him politely, and then I dropped the money wad I had or actually just the white paper surrounding it and he was like, "do you want me the fucking punch you in the nose? I should do it and I'd break you, knock you right up into the air and back down and everyone would see it on camera." I was like, "I hope you won't do that" and he was like, "it would be hilarious to everyone," and I go, "well everyone but me" and he said "well with time, you'd see how funny it was too watching it again on video." The line was released and we started to walk to vehicles to go. I asked Ma if we should go in one car, and she said, "no we should probably separate and meet new people," so I went to a minivan with some girls beaconing me inside. They were doing the "sit here" thing, but with their fingers already up, and I sat right on their hands and joked, "oh I wonder what that is" and they giggled and knew I might be fun. We did introductions and they were telling me they were from PCB, and I was like, "PCB PCB Pacific Country Board?" and they were like, no it's a school in Seattle" and I had a hint of a memory from my genealogical research about it. The car started moving and we were going over some train tracks, or going along the train tracks and I could see tremendous gaps in the tracks, but we went smoothly over them; I surmised that the other wheels were keeping us going smoothly; we didn't even feel a bump. Looking down, I could see into the construction they were doing on the underground track, and it was all full of water so really surprising to me, but more surprising was something was moving, something mechanical was being pulled through the water; it looked like a lot of frames tied together and being pulled, but not a train, just like frames of small boxes all tied together and the boxes were mostly submerged int he yellow-muddy water but the train of boxes had a chain submerged keeping them all together._

_The minivan had a privacy screen that the girls and guys in the back (there were about 10 people) raised so we would have some privacy, and they all began taking off their clothes and I was like when in Rome and joined them; the girls each were chewing on some guys ear or the guys were biting legs; I couldn't tell who was chewing or kissing whom, and it all seemed pretty enjoyable. We arrived at the place and needed to get our clothes back on. I went out at first and one of the guys was like, "oh you might want to hook up with Julie; she's single." and I go, "oh, thanks, but I"m married" and he looked a bit surprised, but I got, "it's okay; we had already decided to meet knew people on the way her" and left it at that. I went to look for my pants and found them, but then saw the belt was wrong. I found some others, and then noticed they were too big. Finally found my pants over where I had been sitting and put them on. I couldn't seem to get my shirt tucked into them properly; it kept coming out or going the wrong direction. Finally I seemed to get it tucked in okay._

_I was washing off my glass in the sink, while talking to a guy who knew my brother lived in Boston, and was like "so Fred's from Boston; that's cool" and I go, "oh he lived there, but we are from Houston; we used to hang out in the Woodlands, though" and he was like, "oh really that's cool; we live there now," We were talking about that a bit,_ and I woke up.
