---
title: quick
tags: []
author: Rob Nugen
date: 1999-11-14
---

01:54 Sunday 14 November 1999

I'm so tired.

"Today" I went to George R Brown Convention Center for a planning
meeting for the Techno Cosmic Mass that will happen on 9 December
1999.  The TCM will be super awesome and you should all attend!  It's
free!  <a
href="http://www.heartstormproductions.com">www.heartstormproductions.com</a>
is the URL for the event I think.

It's free for all!

Based on a rave type atmosphere, it will be a straight-edge (that
means "no drugs" (for us straight-edge types)) combination of imagery,
live and recorded sound, music, singing, rapping, spiritual stuff, big
giant altars to the four directions/elements, just just just amazing!

Come join us on the 9th!  Or, if you want to help set up the thing, 
<a href="mailto:thunderrabbitATcheerfulDOTcom">email me</a>!

- - - - -

There were about 20 people at the planning meeting, including a cute
girl named Madeline.  I notice her as soon as she walked into the
room.  Turns out we kinda noticed each other, but didn't really talk
until after the planning thing.  We are working on the team that will
build the altars for the four directions.  I'm in charge of the water
altar; she's in charge of the earth altar, and actually she is the
head leader type person for all the altars.

She asked if anyone could give her a ride home and I volunteered.

We spent pretty much the whole day together (noon to 10:30pm).  Went
to High Fashion Fabrics and talked and asked questions and laughed
lots about all variety of things.  We discovered we both love Tori
Amos.  We spent a pretty long time there until I was getting quite
hungry.  (Madeline is apparently a fabric junkie).

We took flyers for the Techno Cosmic Mass to Soundwaves, Chemistry
Records, Record Rack, and Cactus Records.  Oh, and one more place but
I don't remember the name.

To Mission Burritos where we ate a burrito each and laughed more and
more.  Acorns fell on our table a few times; we shared inside jokes;
we just had a blast talking.

To Amy's Ice Cream, where we saw Heather from KTRU and told her about
the upcoming event.  Ate ice cream and I stories about YRUU and sign
language; lots of laughing and fun.

Then to Madeline's house, where she read about my birth numbers: 27/9
and we found that under the surface (into our inner workings and
"issues") we are actually amazingly similar.  We have similar
relationship patterns, similar driving forces, just similar stuff.

To her room, where we listened to Tori Amos (and PJ Harvey for a bit)
and talk talk talked.  There was a bit of sexual tension present, but
we were both wise enough to know it would hugely damage our innocent
relationship.

Talk talk talk until 10:32pm when I left for Ultimate frisbee at UH.

- - - - -

Chased the frisbee and Justin around the field (that sounds bad) and
had a great time.  (When Justin and I are on opposite teams, we like
to cover each other.  We are both better at offense than defense when
one of us covers the other.)

Played 3 games between like 11pm and 12:40am.  Drove home, called
Madeline at 1am.  Number is disconnected.  Redialed.  Same thing.
Redialed.  Same thing.  DOH!!!!

Dug through the phone book, racking my brain for her last name.  T
something.  Ugh.  This sucks.  20 minutes of scanning through all the
last names that start with T in order to find one that kinda looked
familiar.  Nothing.

Took a shower.  Wrote this entry.

02:16am now.   Good night.

- Rob
