---
title: cycle of life
tags: []
author: Rob Nugen
date: 1999-11-17
---

<p class=date>8:30am Wednesday 17 November 1999</p>

I think tomorrow is Tammy's birthday... hmmm.

Yesterday was my KTRU day!  I had great fun at the station, and even
recorded the show.. but it wasn't as incredible of a show as, say,
last week's.  Dasscool though; still great fun.  Oh!  And I got to
give away movie passes to two different movies and as I wrote the
winners' names down on the list, I noticed the name of my friend
Carsley!  Woah!!  So I called her (I'm sure that's a violation of some
law - using the KTRU information for personal purposes) and left a
message on her machine!  (She called me back later in the evening and
we chatted about work and stuff; it was great to connect with an old
friend!)

After KTRU, I grabbed lunch then picked up Madeline and drove to Ares
Robotics, where Richard, Dion, Madeline and I brainstormed ideas for
the Techno Cosmic Mass coming December 9 to George R Brown!  My
project is to create an altar to water; and I have a pretty good idea
in my brain of what I want to do; I just need to get my ass in gear!

Dropped M back off at school then I went home and took a delightful
nap.  I just love a nice afternoon break like that.  Turned the phones
off and everything.

- - -

Woke up; worked on website stuff (Rebecca's Indigo Angel site (which
will be at https://www.indigoangel.com soon but) for now is at 
<a href="https://indigoangel.cjb.net">indigoangel.cjb.net</a>) and email and then Rebecca called!

She answered a question I had about her site and then I asked her a
couple questions about my life and stuff (she's a professional psychic
and has a pretty good sense of my dynamics) and she spouted a
delightful bounty of Astro Babble (so she calls it) the I greatly
appreciated!  Like when my energy is low (emotional, spiritual energy)
I tend to seek out others for attention and approval and lovin'
instead of re-energizing and nurturing myself through <em>sleep</em>
maybe or eating or play or whatever.  hmmm..  The seems so basic now
that I'm saying it, but I found it hugely beneficial last night.  
Thank you, Rebecca!

It was late; I was tired so I went to bed, heeding my internal signals
instead of forging ahead with "gotta get my website done!!"

This morning I woke up refreshedly happy and moved 3 months worth of
geocities site over to here!

- - -

Going to work now.

OH WAIT!!

I forgot something and remembered when I saw the name of this entry!

A few minutes ago, I could hear Spot flippin' and floppin' around in
my bedroom.  Spot is normally a friendly and happy cat, but is
normally too cool to flip and flop around.  I went in and found
several small feathers and Spot's new toy.  He grabbed the bird and
ran under my bed.

I thought, <em>ug - I don't want to chase you, Spot.</em> and he ran
back out!

Yay! He dropped the bird and I gently grabbed Spot by the scruff (I
love that cat-handle) and said "good job, Spot, but keep it outside."

Thought about tossing the bird out the window, but had visions of Spot
retrieving it.  No.  So I ceremoniously flushed it with a gentle
prayer to the bird, "thank you bird, for participating in the cycle of
life."

FUULUUUSHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!



