---
title: New Orleans Rally by Sean Murray
tags: YRUU
author: Sean Murray
date: 1998-07-04
---

<h1>1998 New Orleans rally review by Sean Murray</h1>

<p><hr>

<p>Well it was 3 months ago but I'll try to remember it since obviously
nobody else did. Well. all of the OKC people met at the church at 11:00
on thursday night. It took a while to leave though because we had this
big ordeal because some people from Tulsa and Maia were supposed to come
with us and there wasn't enough room, but I made some calls and 15
minutes before we were supposed to leave Eryn Pope's mom said she'd
drive to New Orleans. Everybody send Eryn's mom letters of love and
thanks. so Finally we got on the road. We made several stops (mostly
debbie and I demanding a smoke break) along the way, but at one of the
stops sombody from one of the cars hopped into my spot in the van so I
had to ride in the car with Nacy, Eryn's mom, Frank, and Meriad. Merriad
slept a lot and I was having an interesting conversation with Frank and
Nancy until my nose caught a very fowl oder. After  awhile I realized
the garlic/onion/dead animal/ sent was Frank. Frank, I love ya but put
some deoderant aon those bad boys. So anyways.....................
<br>Eryn's mom drove ahead of the van so we arived at Maia's house at about
2 or 3 in morning. Eryn's mom was tired so she took a nap and the rest
of us watched brain candy. 2 hours later I said, "hey what's taking the
van so long". 1 hour later the van arived at Maia's house. The van had a
blow out so they had to pull over and change the tire. so we all loaded
into the van as Maia shoved us around and pushed everybody out of a seat
so she could have one seat to her self abd we got on the road. About 15
minutes later we pulled over again, the spare tire the rental company
had given us had dry rot so we had to get a new tire. One problem, in
was 5 in the morning, nothing was open. So we had to wait another 3
hours to get a tire. So finally after breakfast we got back on the road
to just intime to colide with Dallas morning traffic. I slept through it
bu everybody else said it took us about two hours. So we finally left
dallas at 11:00 AM. It took us 12 fucking hours to get from OKC to just
outside Dallas. We got to San Antonio faster than that. Anyways not a
whole lot happened after that. Jeanie farted a lot and Mairead made us
pull over every 15 minutes to take pictures. Well we finally arived in
New Orleans but to our dismay we all left the sweaty smelly van to meat
a far worse oder. My first response was to look at frank but he was
still in the other car so it wasn't him. That's when I identified the
smell. it was death. No other stench could be so revolting(not even
Frank), So we ped back into the van thinking that maybe just that part
of town smelled like death. 


<p>we were wrong............

<p>Where ever we went the stnch followed. But we finally arived at the
church and it didn't really bother me so much because I was at the
rally. well 27 hours after having left OKC we arived at the church just
in time for opening circle. During opening circle we palyed the quetion
response game wich was funny but as somebody was reading their's Maia
just blurted out laughing really loud so Nathan(being in charge and
everything) asked her what was so funny) and to my horror she says that
She and Emily were just talking about my dick. This was very
very...............hmmmmm, I can't think of the word but it wasn't good.
Now let's get of Topic here for a second. For some reson my dick has
been the hot topic in YRUU lately. WHY??? It's not that great it's just
kinda there. I don't see everybody thinks it's so god damn funny. HOw
about everybody just stop it. Why don't you talk about Erick's hole in
his chest or Maia's boobs or something. Just stop talking about my Dick.
Okay, back to the rall. After opening circle we all went to our touch
groups. Well everybody in my touch group smoke so while everybody else
was playing getting to know you games we were outside smoking. Sucks to
be everybody else. The Shannon came over and said that he had to put up
some smoking boundery thing in order to eliminate social smoking. So he
up a bunch of boxes made of string that was supposed to sepperate us.
Then Debbie started rambling about isolation and oppression of the
minorities,but after awhile she forgot her point and it just turned into
30 minutes of babbling. So then there was a problem. All of the smokers
kept tripping over the strings that were supposed to keep us from
socially smoking. So we formed a ku and over threw the boxes of string
by burning them with our lighters. So New Orleans bacame a socially
smoking rally and the fun began. As for the rest of the rally, I slept a
lot. I don't remember a thing after 4 saturday morning to closing
circle. I vaguely remember Ashley Robinson saying something aobut me
putting my feet in her face while I was asleep(sorry). So then we all
went to french quarter and spent what little money we had left and went
home. The ride back home surprisingly was problem free other than Debbie
making frequent wrong turns. 

<p>Love you all,

<p>Sean Murray


<p>
