---
title: soml 25-jul-1998
tags: soml
author: Rob Nugen
date: 1998-07-25
---

<title>State of My Life Address</title>

<p class=date>25 July 1998</p>

<p><center>State of My Life</center>

<ol>

<p><li>I'll be leaving in a few hours for Oklahoma to be an advisor for a week at youth camp!  Wheeee!</li>

<p><li>I'm still hacked about not being able to retrieve my email from flashnet.  Windows 98 screwed up my mailstuff and it looking for a 'postoffice' on my machine.  I created one with the control panel but that didn't do the trick.  I called Flashnet and they said they didn't know.  Argh!!!</li>

<p><li>I am getting new business cards soon.  These will actually be typeset instead of my fun handwritten ones.  I'll make some new handwritten ones soon to reflect my new URL and email and stuff.</li>

<p><li>I have secured www.mrlaboratories.com but the site is not set up yet.
<br>MR Laboratories (pronounced "mister laboratories") is the name that Marcel and I made up during our crazy fun college days. MR stands for Marcel and Rob, or Marty and Rad, the two comic strip characters we developed in our likeness.  The comic strip never got too far, and the company is nothing more than a name, but now we have a URL..  Who knows????

<p>Send us money now and we'll let you know when our stock goes public!</li>

<p><li>After installing Win98, I have just now gotten all my MS Office applications working again.  Linux was never this crazy!!</li>

<p><li>I'm creating a snail mail database of all my homies.  If you wanna be on my snailing list, <a href=mailto:thunderrabbitATcheerfulDOTcom>send me</a> your snailing address.</li>

<p><li>Snail Mail..  Think about it.. that's funny!!</li>

<p><li>I'm going to ConCon in a week!! And then I'll see Jen for two days in Palm Springs!  Jen and I have the same b-date and immediately became fast friends when we met several years ago.</li>

<p><li>It's midnight. I still need to do laundry and pack.  I'll probably skip laundry, but I do need to pack.</li>

</ol>
</p>
