---
title: Begin
tags: []
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2001-07-07
---

<p class=date>4:48 am Saturday 7 July 2001</p>

<p>Drove to New Orleans from Houston with Lauuryn and Kate in my car
Scott without stopping except for directions when we got lost around
the Superdome and lots of traffic and couldn't turn left.  Ever.  </p>

<p>Even so, we were the first people at the church, except for people
from here.  Registered, met Elena, Stephen, Jacqueline, Micah, Will.
Relearned Laura and Kendra's names.  Remembered Katy's name.</p>

<p>Lauuryn and Kate took my bed in a lucky three step process.  First
they went away, then they started saying my name, then they ran over
to my bed when I came to investigate what they were talking about.
Very sneaky!</p>

<p>Wrestled with Phat Pat on the gymnastics mat after playing keepaway
from Ryan M with his shorts.  Don't worry; he was wearing a dress.</p>

<p>Opening circle was small, but cool, though people talked a lot
while Aaron was trying to talk.  We played the question game that is a
New Orleans Rally Tradition, except they forgot it last year.
Everyone writes a question, throws it into the pile, then everyone
writes an answer for 1 of the questions, then someone else reads aloud
the question and answer.</p>

<p>Then touch group we played ten fingers and now they are playing My
Grandmother Has Aids, which is certainly not a politically correct
name for a game that is nothing more than charades, expressing
intangible conncepts..</p>

<p>Good night..</p>

<p>Oh, there are 29 people here.</p>

<p class=date>8:25 am Saturday 7 July 2001</p>

<p>Awake.  I might go back to sleep after I walk around the
church.</p>

<p class=date>10:58 am</p>

<p>Walked around and talked with peeps.  Pat has the good idea of
writing another talent show that inolves him not being able to be
psychic, but being able to travel through time.  Hmmmm.  I'll
brainstorm a bit on that one to see what funny ideas I can come up
with for it.</p>

<p>Ate pancakes that contained bananas instead of eggs to keep them
vegan.  Wow.  they were quite good, and I couldn't have distingushed
them from normal pancakes..  Whatever normal is.</p>

<p>Ryan has this idea aboout sleeping from 6pm to midnight so that we
can stay awake for silent football.  My honest guess is that he's not
going to want to sleep from 6 to midight, and that he'll be too tired
to drive home immediately after the rally.  I'm guessing he'll sleep a
bit before driving home (after the rally)</p>

<p>So I've just been sleeping for a bit over an hour, and I decided to
think of a new long joke.  I got the basis for one about a kid who
loved to do dishes.  I think I can make it just as funny as the
others.  I'll test it at the talent show tonight if people want.</p>

<p class=date>11:12 am</p>

<p>Elena announces that "we're talking about <em>boys</em>!!"</p>

<p>Elena and Carol are sitting basically on Phat Pat, all three are
stuffed inside the podium in the sanctuary.</p>

<p>Funny funny.</p>

<p>I got a picture of them with Carol's camera, but I couldn't find
Phat Pat's camera.  I can't believe he is still sleeping through all
this.</p>

<p class=date>11:18 am</p>

<p>Kendra, Kate, Stephen are making fruit salad in the kitchen.</p>

<p>Ryan, Micah, Jacqueline, Katie, Lauren, Laura are all asleep.  Ryan
on a pew, Micah and Jacqueline behind all the pews, Katie and Lauren
on the couch on the TV room. and Laura is asleep on her side on the
floor upstairs with no accoutrements.</p>
