---
title: Day
tags: []
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2001-07-07
---

<p class=date>2:57 pm Saturday 7 July 2001</p>

<p>Chillin on the now-folded-up pads that were gymnastics mats last
night until noon when the gymnasts left after their practice.</p>

<p>Lauren O is reading comic book of Hothead Paisan the Homoicidal
Lesbian Terrorist.  Quite a good sociopolitical commentary.</p>

<p>Visit <a
href="http://www.hotheadpaisan.com">www.hotheadpaisan.com</a></p>

<p class=message>hi this is laura at NO01! so...hi rob howz it hangin?
im wearing a sombrero. yeah well. talk 2 you later. bye.</p>

<p>Phat Pat says:</p>

<p class=message>hhey theree bbunglow bbill.... remember ddont
disprovee people wrong.... hey.... I kisssssess Carol.....  pat es muy
bueno....... nick just woke up..... carol has a nice foot...... Rob
kickess assets.... Kate is realllly cool I rubbed her belly..... bix
is going to marrie carol..... WHAT THE FUCK like 27 people
here...... elena fell asleep in the podiem.... this is PHAT PAT by the
way....  OH OH know what last month I help some crazy person with
their car..... Carol seems to love me....  she keeps see it... and
'blowing' kisses at me.... the end for PAT....</p>

<p class=message>phat pat = soooo silly.

<br>LAUURYN kicks.  yup.  so, i am an angel bunny fairy.  no one else
is wearing their Halloween costume, except me.  this is also the
smallest rally ever, *and* the first time i have met Naythign's dad,
which is really weird.  we are rdg Carol's evil crazy lesbian book and
i am feelin typically weak.  rock on, Wedding Story.  the best thing
yet today was when i told Rob about KT's 80,000-yr-old Canadian
boyfriend and her being naked.  yeah.  well, that or when i washed my
feet on Matt's stomach (it's a washboard stomach).  also, we had a
*super* birthday party for Joan--only two months early--and it was
magical because i had made her a necklace without even knowing it was
going to be her fake birthday.  in other news, Matt has *perfected*
the Nathan walk.  like, he is a *pro* now.  so that's useful.  oh oh
oh oh oh!  and this is the first rally i have ever been to where
veggies outweigh meateaters.  rock on, us.  yay.  [this has been a
message from Lauuryn who is super great, with moral support from Dane,
who is even super-er.]</p>


<p class=date>6:48 pm Saturday 7 July 2001</p>

<p>Will and I are watching several peeps play Risk.  Wierd-ish game,
but I guess I can see how it's cool.</p>

<p>I have tried really hard to help Will feel comfortable with hanging
out with other people.</p>

<p>I'm not sure if he'll ever come back.</p>
