---
title: Bicycle europe
tags: 
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2001-07-17
---

<p>This is from a friend Dave, who I met through the
Bluebonnet Council hostel office here in Houston. 
He's an avid bicyclist, and is currently cycling
across part of Europe:</p>

<pre>
   From:    dave
Subject:    euro-tour 2001
   Date:    Tue, 17 Jul 2001 12:22:06 


dear all,
     we had a swell time camping in Amsterdam,
breezing past
Anne Frank's house & some other historical stuff,
cafes,
red lightr district with its window ladies, who i
kinda
felt sorry for.  Took a road trip up to Zaanse Schaans
with
all its windmills & quaint houses in the
polders/dikes.
Had to go back to the airport to pick up Butch's bike
which
had gone to Singapore so we got a late start across
the
netherlands.  got to amersfoort on the bike paths, but
the
5 guys we were with had gone on ahead in a speed racer
kinda
way.  we thought they must have seen the huge sign of
bike
turns for Arnhem, so after waiting for a while, we
went on
toward it.  We left a message at the next turnoff
after we
waited at some picnic tables, not sure if they were
ahead or
behind.  We ended up camping at a nature park with
picnic
tables b4 arnhem, cuz it was almost midnite.  we made
it to
emmerich on the border of germany the next afternoon ,
so we
waited at the bahnhof a bit, then headed for freiburg
on the
cheapweekend ticket.   ($20 for 2)  got there after
midnight
sunday morning,l but still no 5.  slept in the station
then
got woke up an hour later to show our tickets. then
had to get
up at 5am anyway.  raining, so didn't go to the tour
de france,
but took a 9am train for munich;  didn't stay there,
but went
on to Berchtesgaden near the border of austria. (to
get the
most use out of our ticket).  wondering where the guys
were,
but having good times even in the rain, we camped near
the
touristy lake & climbed a 24% grade up to Hitler's
bunker
(saw it) then zoomed down to the salt mines, but too
many
people waiting to see em, so went on the salzburg...
hostel
on the hill was full, cooked dinner with view, then on
to
camping a km from train station (with view) FOR THE
USUAL $6.
still raining when got up, so may take train to Linz
to start
riding down the danube river for the vienna (wien)
races.
hoping to see the guys there ..love dave
</pre>

<p>What is most interesting to me is that he's just
rattling off stuff they saw, and stuff they did.  Not
like, "Oh My Gosh, we got to see Anne Frank's
<em>house!!</em>" or "The view was so spectacular we
could see for miles!"</p>

<p>So, when will I adjust my life enough to take such
a bicycling tour of Europe?  Can I do this and still
have my job, and still attend SWUUSI each year, and
still do whatever else I do?  Why am I making this so
confusing?</p>

<p>I imagine a little research toward this adventure
will help.</p>
