---
title: Gin in France
tags: 
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2001-07-17
---

<p class=date> July 2001</p>

<p>An update from Gin in France!</p>

<p>ps: for those keeping track, I just put added an email above
"05Gin_in_St_Nazaire.html"</p>

<pre>
Subject:   Gin in Les Sables d'Olonne, France
   Date:   Tue, 17 Jul 2001 17:41:46 


Hello sistas' and brothas',
     Oh life is pure extasy on any given Tuesday in
paradise.  A good friend of mine from Holland is
traveling with me for a few weeks and speaking Dutch
with me when i beg like a hungry dutch  dog.  Last
night when i decided we were going to camp on a tiny
beach right in the middle of this big city (under the
lighthouse) and picnic on a fine red wine, french
cheeze, pastries, olives and a salad over the ocean,
he told me the Dutch have a saying that goes; "living
as the gods in France".  This is especially reserved
for a life of plenty.  I can relate, very good drugs
could not make this better.  I have been walking the
beaches and cliffs and swamp lands of coastal France
for two weeks, on the sunny days getting neeked in the
waves and exposing my lilly whiteness to the sun. 
Every day brings a new emotion to explore.  Now that I
am not lost all day (everyday) i can focus on the here
and now and try not to reflect or anticipate too much.
 I am taking a break from the mind chatter every
chance i get.  Feeling lost did give me large
obsticles of frustration to explore and larger lessons
to process and incorporate into my database.  The suns
rays dancing on the water are much more reassuring,
and the special sinking deep into the soft sand adds a
certain element of challenge  that i do not have on
the other paths.  I measure how far i have traveled
with my finger on the little map I have, an easy day
is one finger, a real foot-blistering day is two.  It
has rained almost every night for the last weeks since
I have been on the coast.  My little tent is holding
up quite well, last night on the beach during a storm
was another great endurance test, we were mostly dry
in the AM.  The ocean is amazing.  I constantly thank
all the powers that made this possible, and have been
singing seasmie street in all the languages i know the
tune in, thanking the sunny days and the beautiful
people of the path.  The french people are golden,
they have been pure love and wish me unending courage
as they watch me walk by with my huge and heavy back
pack.  Sometimes folks ask where I am headed and I
tell them I am a pilgrim on the Route du Saint Jaques
du Compostella Starting in Normandy (north France) and
walking to Galicia (spain),  everyone knows this
pilgrimage and it is a big deal, and i feel so honored
and am realizing it is mutual.  My french is still
getting better, and the other day someone asked me if
I was French.  Wow, it is definetly not that good, but
i hope someday it will be.  I almost expect to be
asked to sing a solo at every party i arrive at, the
last time a mike was shoved into my hand and I was
asked to sing for a village party.  I really belted it
out, singing my song about Durango, Mexico.  I think
this afternoon i will look up the lyrics to a couple
more Sinatra tunes.  It is a Franky summer.  I will
probably make it to La Rochelle in a week or two, but
it is time for the beach today.  I am feeling a little
old today, this is the third time in a row I have
looked at my e-mail and seen a friend of mine has
passed on.  It happens to all of us, so live it up! 
Today is a good day, big hugs, lots of warm wishes to
you and your family and respect in the deepest way
from my soul to yours.   
Ultrea, gin
</pre>
