---
title: Day 2
tags: 
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2001-07-23
---

<p class=date>23 July 2001</p>

<p>Walking toward opening circle I ate the 3 Oreo
cookies off the ground that Bryn and Vessy so
carelessly left.  When I caught up with them at the
circle, Bryn offered me some.  I was pleased to be
able to say, 'I just had <em>three</em>.'</p>

<p class=date>11:13 am</p>

<p>Sang in the shower.</p>

<p>Oh, I'm takin' a shower for the first time in two
days..
<br>It feels oh so good in so many ways
<br>I'm washin' my back and washin' my legs.
<br>I'm gonna go get me some eggs
</p>

<p>etc.</p>

<p>Got breakfast which was pancakes, not eggs, and
have been chillin' with Tina P, including through the
theme speaker, Anita, who makes art.</p>

<p>Intermission now for touchgroup meetings.</p>

<a href="/images/YRUU/SWUUSI2001/Elizabeth.jpg"><img
src="/images/YRUU/SWUUSI2001/Elizabeth.jpg" width=150></a>


<p class=date>3:04 pm</p>

<p>Did the Anita Workshop - art with ink and cloth and
stuff.  Very fun.  Mark's Peter is playing kickball. 
I'm chillin on TinaP's sheet with TP and Kate.</p>

<p class=date>3:11 pm</p>

<p>AJ just tried to climb the backstop, but the top of
it is so rotted that it just splintered when he
climbed the fence.</p>

<p>Then he scooped up the pitch, and started chasing
Michael A off the field in a most amusing,
inappropriate way.  </p>

<p>Mostly it was funnier than inappropriate.</p>

<p class=date>6:24 pm</p>

<p>Went swimming after kickball, and played Marco
Polo.  I was It and the group went underneath the
dock.  I was all 'Marco!' <em>bonk</em> and the
'Marblublubblub' as I went underwater.  Funny.</p>

<p>Chickenfought with David Johnston on my shoulders
and beat two other teams.  One of them was a rematch. 
I think Tanner and Adam as a team.  The other was
Katie Lerner and Ashley Powell.</p>

<p>Just in the past two hours I finished a little
round pillow with a peace symbol printed on it.  Gave
it to Ann, our cook, as a pin cushion.  Then made a
dream catcher and Tina P was all, 'nononononono you're
doing it wrong!' and showed me how to do it.  I picked
up some of her hints, but added my own style and put
it in her mail bag.</p>

<p>Touchgroup meetings now.</p>

<p class=date>7:31 pm</p>

<p>Agony meeting about money.  We are all crowded into
the dining hall.  I am sitting on the floor near the
mailbags, with the fan blowing on me.</p>

<p>Dangit; we just had to turn off the fan because we
couldn't hear.</p>

<p>Someone stole some stuff.</p>

<p>The SWUUSI staff did a great job of expressing how
important this community is, and how anti cool it is
to steal money.</p>

<p><img src="/images/rob/wL-ROB.gif"/></p>
